1688 Constructed of English Oak
Constructed 1829 on entire new Principals
Bog
Honorable Member
Thus do I take my Seat for all Ireland.
A Danial Still I say—a second Danial— Shakespear
cit
Aye - Aye - Master Comet - you may attempt your Periheliums - or your Devil heliums for what I care but take the word of an Old Man you'll never reach the Sun depend upon it
To Miss E----- G------
To the D------ of M-----
Dr Little
City Champion
Remember, Sir, We are on the King's Commission
Assess Book
No Shop Tax
Avaunt ye Judas's and betrayers of the People - turn out ye busy mischief-making Monkies - how dare you meet in our Hall to enforce your odious Shop Tax - out ye money Changers - I say turn out ye Monkies -  OPEN>> . One of the overthrown commissioners says:  OPEN>> Where's the Marshal? I'll charge you with an assault and battery
He looks as dreadful as the Black Prince
Sir, its disturbing the King's Peace
Sir, there can be no riot - there's but one person -  OPEN>> . On the extreme right two grinning cits say to each other,  OPEN>> Let them go to Grocers hall - will they treat them as they did plumb-pudding Billy?
No, No, the Wind is changed
Dedicated to the Armourers and Braziers Company --- --- --- --- Bella, horrida bella!
To grind the Cits, and serve themselves, Assembled were some courtly Elves;  OPEN>> No Tax on Shops
Whilst I can fight
I'll e'er defend the City's right
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
German
The Bill
Rambler's Magazine
Monsieur Montgolfier let us be reconciled
Let us fly up to de Sun Mr Katerfelto
Wonderful! wonderful!
How soon can they get to heaven?
These balloons are to carry the mails
There's the devil to pay in the Air
"I should think this head possest some talent for Military affairs.
Vittoria | Salamanca | Waterloo
Fall too Ye royal crew! Drink Drink! your bellies full! pray do! Ai treats I never winces
Catches Glees Which is the properest Day to Drink Saturday
Sporting Calendar
Forte
Torture Fiery Rage \\ Despair I cannot can not bear
Separation a Finale for Two Voices with Accompaniment
The Wedding Ring - a Dirge
The Art of Tormenting
Hollands
Benedick
Hymen
Freezing
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
The Sun
Times
Cronicle
Boulogne
To Spa
I Mde de Vas------l
2 Mqs de Bie------e
il n'est tel que d'étre bien monté
God Dam! - il etoit tems! que Vassal *BRACKETED* ] me forçat dequitter mes Vassaux.
3 Ld Maz------ne
Oh! my dear Country.
4 & 5 de Lam------te
Bravo! - voila bien de nos camarades rassemblés - Cal-----ne doit etre notre Chef
6 Cal------e
vous pouvez désormais regarder derrière vous - les laches et les fripons sont icy en sureté - J'en réponds.
8 D. de Lux------rg
Don't Sh--t in my Boat
7 Ds de Lux------rg
Dieu aide au premier Baron fuyard *BRACKETED* - a passer l'eau!
9 Madle de Lux----rg
et bien vite- car J'entends tirer derrière nous!
la Liberté
Oh! les Lâches!
To Spa
14 D------de Pol------ac
oh tis all in de Breeches
12 Ds de Pol------ac
Mais où est donc Antoinette?
13 M. de Brog------e
que mille diables L'emportent avec tous ses odieux projetés
10 M. de Bret------il
By gar we be in in de nasty Conditions to II *BRACKETED* de Pol------ac
NB. la peur et les eauxfont déja leur Effet.
Majority
Belial
Mammon
N
Moleck the Sublime & Beautifull
Asmodeus or Julias the 27th
Majority
Will ye submit your necks & chuse to bend the supple knee? ye will not if I trust to know ye right ... Jar not with liberty, but well consist Who can in reason or in right assume Prerogative o'er suck as live by right His equals if in power & splendor less In freedom equal. . . Much less to look for adoration to th
Ich Dien
Mountebanks
Public Opinion
National Debt . . . 00000 Mil...  OPEN>> ; it holds up a rolled document *BRACKETED* and seems to be making a speech. Grey makes rough music by banging a pan with a crowned baton; he turns to Lord J. Russell, whose left hand is on his shoulder, singing,  OPEN>> Behold us here a powerful few, First for ourselves and next for you I am the Author of all I sing God bless us all—and then the King
It Operates—doesn't it G . . y? but be careful not to play with it too much, for fear it's Hat *BRACKETED* should fall off
Its true what R . . . .II says,—but however, its brains are in my Keeping
Repeal the Union
Penny Subscription Reform
This is only part of our play should we meet with encouragment
My Children—when in future days the helm you steer, Avoid such Mountebanks as now are here; Nor let them in your Counsels creep: Free from false voices—ever keep— A steady course for your Countrys good, It's Constitution firm—these vanities withstood,— To make your Peoples safety sure,—Ye youthful Pair, And give to distant age—a like succeeding Heir
Father,—"And if I live until I be a Man, I'll win our ancient right at Home again, or die a Soldier as I hope to be a King
Histories of the Tête-à-Tête annexed . . .
Ghost
Magna. Charta. Bill of Rights
Envy
Spite
Malice
Patriotism
Popularity
Perseverance
Self Poised I stand Firm in the midst of A Tempestous *BRACKETED* Sea wishing for no Other Reward Than the Esteem of the People whose Rights I have Defended and whose Liberties I will maintain as long as I have the Honor of Representing Them
Love of his Contry, Good Husband, Good Father, Good Master, Good Landlord, Good Moral Character, Not to be Biased, Not to be Bought, Ever Studying the Laws of his Country & Constitution; A Determined Enemy, To Persecution, Coruption, Oppression, Favouritism, Secret Influence, bartering For Seats, Waste of the Puplic *BRACKETED* Money, & every Encrochment on Magna Charta
Independant Fortune, Rock of Entegrity
Discord
Disunion
Imbecillity
Rashness
Cupidity
Presumption
Pertinacity
Intolerance
T Twigg of Monmouth Street
A slap at slop
Rules of the Club
What would your Gracious figure?
Dont be frightened George, dont be frightened but next Monday fortnight must come & take a Glass of Burgundy along with us dont be frightened I just slip'd of to tell you I heard the Governor tell some of his runners to fetch you!! glad to see you dont be frightened
What mean you my Love? throw off these nervous fears, hast to the Crescent, their shall Love & Harmony delight soul to such an Extacy that Bladduds streams shall never Quench
What - what, what is he going at now who's who's that William? Send him to Ireland send him to Ireland
OPEN>> Look here upon this picture, and on this The counterfeit presentment of two brothers.
or Bonaparte Detected Drilling his Rib, at the Play of King & Queen of England. - Scene St Cloud
Boney - Boney, that wont do - You must not Play my King & Queen.
Exchequer
Don't forget poor Mungo my good Ld N------h
Sr George we must keep her down
Ay my Ld T------d. *BRACKETED* and exert ourselves or she will be too Strong for us
The Morning Post
The Daily Adver *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , a monkey sitting on his shoulder, pulls the string-like queue of his ill-made wig. Next *BRACKETED* , an elderly man in an arm-chair, wearing spectacles and a cap, holds up his hand as if to demand attention; he reads  OPEN>> The London Chronicle
It is reputed that nixt *BRACKETED* sessions of Parliament, there will be a tax laid upon horn'd Cattle
The Evening Post
London Gazette
Extract of a Letter from America
With staring Eye, & Open Ear, Each Cobling, Horned, City seer, Swallow's down Politics with Beer. Neglects his Family & Calling. To enter into Party Brawling. Gets Drunk & Swears - the Nation's falling
Or the recommended Loyalists, a faithful representation of a Tragedy shortly to be performed on the Continent of America
be not angry Madam, no peace, no place
Inhuman smiling Hypocrite thus to disgrace my unsullied fame
Even Butchers weep
Ungratefull Britons to Abandon thus your Loyal friends
Sin, Death, and the Devil
Truth
Falshood
Perfidy
Deciet
Pergury
Fly Envy with thy hedious Scaly Train Rumour his many Tongues of little use Detested malice whirl your whip in Vain And false Detraction Scorn'd for foul abuse Mean Calumny its dumb Despair betrays All forc'ed to yield to Truths Triumpant *BRACKETED* rays
full-dress
Fair tresses Man's imperial race ensnare, And beauty draws us with a single hair
mercy on us what a monster he'll swallow all my ships at a mouth-ful, I hope he dont see me.
How! how! how! bah! bah! bah! don't you know me?
I'll soon kick you from your stool you old hard hearted, brow beating monster
Afraid of him, b------t me, a dried eel skin! an ill shap'd figure of one, b------t me! no, no, I've got some bottom but he's got none
Ward off that blow, Billy, never mind his looks, at him again.
He never gave a good stroke in his life, dont be afraid of him
My Pupil will beat for a Million
I have not smelt such a stink since I left Edinburgh! Somebody has dropp'd a daisy I'm sure
Theatre Royal \\ Drury Lane \\ Isabella \\ or the \\ Fatal Marriage
Plan for Invadeing England
England
Coast of France
A
Q
*BRACKETED* hn Bull
Malta
There Monkey, that for you.
Eh you Bull Dog, vat you carry off dat Bone for, I vas come to take dat myself, I vas good mind to lick you, but for dem Dam Tooths.
Plan
Reference
A flat bottom b *BRACKETED* B flat bottom boa *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  and ends with  OPEN>> Q
Rambler's Magazine
Paradise Lost
Half her swelling breast naked met his
"Brother, brother, we are both in the wrong!
Peach'em and Lockit
consider the dignity of my character
A fig for character a good living is worth ten Bishops
I toasted you in ten pint bumpers last night - There's an instance of love for you, match it if you can!
You are a most delightful creature to be sure.
You're certain there will be no damages
Lord what a simpleton! dont you know you fool an Exciseman can make an entry when he likes without any kind of suspicion
I'll bore you by ---- If you don't produce money immediately: you Jewish Son of a bitch
O Shweet Shir let me up and You shall have the monies
A few days since, a Jew, well known in the Alley, applied to a certain Person for the payment of a large sum that he had lent him; but instead of paying him, He had him tied to a Form, and actually with an auger, began the operation of boring him, until he promised, never again to ask him for it, until he thought proper to pay him - And also made him swear to get him a thousand pounds more, instantly. - This is a fact well authenticated
Flattery
Servility
Impudence
Duplicity
Modern Qualification Interest
Ancient Qualification Merit
What is Honor but a Bubble!
Eden
Cobler Extraordinary
Sawney Controul licensed to deal in British Wares
Turn-coat
Lies!!! Lies!!! Filthy lies!!!
Is not quite so white, As  OPEN>> unsunned snow
Money lent by Judas Gripe
mon petit camarade le saut périlleux.
Sire Saute pour le Roi *BRACKETED* .
Libertatis
Royal Sols
The suit of *BRACKETED* s *BRACKETED* , Brooks's Willis's Bucks Beef-Steak Anacreontic and Sols
Game Act G III
Gin
Conjugal Felicity a Romance
Good Entertainment gratis
The Rabbit Doctor, St. A------
Permit
Droll
Baratariana
The Privy Council of Barataria
talliho
Proroga *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  and  OPEN>> Protest
His Excellency to A. Cun. To 1000 Vis *BRACKETED* ... Castle £113710
Townshend ... Given at the Council Chambr
Mem: To sink ye Acc: of the Motions upon them
All these portraits were drawn from memory and are all somewhat caricatured except Mr. Malone *BRACKETED* whose profile is extremely like and not at all caricatured. Of Mr. Tisdall, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Lill, and Lord Annaly there are I believe no engraved portraits. Edm. Malone scripsit
A slap at slop
Subscription Money
The Loss of Tolon
A Plan for Raising a sum to Enab *BRACKETED* His Maj *BRACKETED* to Carry on the War
Dear Dear How. How. How. How. his Spirits are Sinking.
Work the Public Billy
Life of Wittington
New Song
Vita Di Rubens
Rdus Cosway Armiger R.A. / Primarius Pictor Serenissimi Walliae Principis
Milton
Otway
Waller
Gray
Shenston *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Lyttelton
Gay
Denman
Collins &c. &c. &c.
For defaming that Genius I could never emulate, by criticism without Judgment; - and endeavouring to cast the beauties of British Poetry into the hideous shade of oblivion.
I acknowledge my transgressions, and my sins are ever before me
Vide The Last Sermon at St Dunstans
An Essay on the Milk of Human kindness dedicated to Dr Johnson as a Man
An Essay on Envy dedicated to Dr Johnson as an Author
flown with insolence and wine
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Pagodas
Roopees
Dear Gentlemen this is too little your modesty really distresses me
£200000
Bu *BRACKETED* e
I am at the Bottom of it
Turbæ cætera
King's Head
Taken on the Steyne at Brighton.
The Gamblers Coat of arms
A Sweepstakes 3000 Gns each ...
Eclipse 30 Mares 50 gns a Mare.
The Painter has drawn these implements with some degree of Success, but they are very seldom Successful to any body but a Painter, the Cap is made of so happy a size as to fit any Blockhead, it is Turfically call'd a Cap of Knowledge, but Œconomically, a fool's Cap.
Gillray
Con-troul
Security
Proprietary
Liberty
India Bonds
Con - fidence
Dividend
Annuities
In-dian Budget
Dictator's Wallet
Cha-rters
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Small Beer
J.. k-s..n
Tax on Maid Servants
The Rights of the Commons
Revolution
Pubd March 23 by S W Fores N° 50 Piccadilly
Talents
If we chance to fall
Next, Grenville and Grey march together. Grenville, short and with massive posterior *BRACKETED* , stoops forward; he is Don Quixote, wearing the barber's bowl *BRACKETED* . He holds a tilting-lance and a shield on which is the profile head of Fox and the inscription  OPEN>> Opera Illius Mea Sunt
"Towdy, rowdy, row. dow.  OPEN>> dow, rowdy dowdy dow dow, dow.
Black Spirits and White Blue Spirits and Grey, come mingle mingle you that mingle may
Pills Potions Lotions for blundering Ministers
"We'll rant we'll Swear we'll fair O rare!!  OPEN>> And I'll warrant we'll pepper their Jacketts
Amunition
Bark Bill
Mutiny Bill
Cold-bath Fiels
Oude Question
Copenhagen
State Papers
Revolutionary Argument
Ah! Ca Ira, ca Ira! ca Ira!
Come cheer up my Lads tis to Glory we steer. *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  Behind him is Derby, also astride and holding up a slow-match which resembles a serpent spitting flame and smoke. Whitbread walks behind holding up in both hands a foaming tankard of  OPEN>> Whitbread Entire Froth
Now my Boy remember my Instructions bother 'em well, touch 'em to the Quick
Adress to his Majesty . . . Copenhagen.
Push on, Push on, I'll give them a sharp attack.
Grog
The Tight Little Island
French Dragon Fly
Dutch Blue Bottle
Italian Butterfly
Danish Gnat
American Hornet
West-phalian Mite
Come on my Lads - give me but good sea room, and I dont care for any of you why all your attacks is no more than a gnat stinging an Elephant or a flea devouring Mr Lambert of Keener
Rule Brittan *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , a tobacco-box inscribed  OPEN>> Iohn Bull
Manifesto
No wonder de Duke should run away when he has lost his Spirits.
D.B.
DB Manifesto
Now we'l play them the Duke of Brunswick's new March ca ira
Quel Bougres des fire all over behind
Duke Manifesto in a Quondary oh Dear I must let fly I can hold in no longer, these Liberty Dogs have Gallop'd my Guts out: I must for once in my Life cry Off Off.
By got dis new Exercise was no agree wit my Guts it was give us de Thorogonimbles
For Brunswick's Duke with Ninety Thousand Men Marchd into France and then------March'd out again
chapeau bras
My Lord I am sorry for having given you this trouble
Don't mention it
I was to blame
Your Lordship is perfectly in the right
You applied language to me alike unbecoming for a Gentleman to use, or brook
But I amthe L—d C——of England
However I am exceedingly sorry for it, and beg your Lordship to accept my sincere apology
Spoken like a man! I move that his words be taken down
And I second the motion  OPEN>> I protest
Apologize! why I might as well have apologized to W—nc—Is—a!
Pains & Penalties
Ah - Johnny Bull, how are you my Boy. - I am going to re-establish Slavery - I am grown very Pious - I.I. I'll double my guards - I.I.I. don't know what I'll do.
Why bless your heart, my fine fellow, you be Muzzy, - I dare say you find it difficult to stand - now let me advise you - take a little nap, - if its only for a quarter of an hour - you can't think how much it will refresh you
of Boston in New England; President of the American Congress. Done from an Original Picture Painted by Littleford
The XLVth Chapter of the Convention of the Gothamites
North America
List of the King's Friends
A Remonstrance against the Proceedings of the Minr of the Prince
Boreas
renewed the oppressions
with the lash, the sword and the fire and they were sorely smitten
bloody speech
and he bribed the Ministers and Nobles
they did unanimously and shamefully vote against the peace and posterity of this new tribe
Parl. Hist.
Open the Gates for my Children or I'll send you all to Lough Derg with Pease in your Brogues.
We demand the Rights of Freeborn Irishmen, Restored to us by our Gracious King & Parliament.
No admission here
This is morse than the taking of Umbrage
Send for the Commons to save us, or we'll be all ------
Polis! Polis! Polis; Dont be afraid he has no horns
Are you sure he has no Horns
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
canaille
Grey Hairs but no White Locks.
Trial of G Whitelocke.
I am a Govenor *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , indicating that he is Governor *BRACKETED* Johnstone, M.P. for Lostwithiel. In his right hand is a long knife with which he cuts the throat of the perfectly placid sheep which lies on the ground. The knife is inscribed  OPEN>> Five S *BRACKETED* in the Poun *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . In his left hand he holds out to the boar a  OPEN>> Tax on Receipts
Comerce
Speaking of Taxation he said there were but two Objects the Commercial & the Landed Interests, the first of these he Compared to the Hog saying if you but touch his Bristles with your finger he'll grunt & begin to roar Whereas the other was like the Sheep you might Shear his Wool & even Cut his Throat & yet he'd make no resistance nor any Noise *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . See debate on the Receipt Tax, 11 June.  OPEN>> Parl. Hist
an old member of that house
or 37 Mortal Wounds for Ministers & the Inquisitorial Commissioners!!! !!! !!!—  OPEN>>  Brougham, John Bull, and the British Lion attack a hydra representing the Income Tax. The monster has large savage heads, with fanged and gaping jaws, horns, and writhing serpents for hair, a serpent's body with a barbed tail. One head is being devoured by  OPEN>> Leo Britannicus
Down! Down to h—ll! & say I sent thee
Glorious Majority of 37 against the Renewal of a most oppressive & Obnoxious Tax its existance havg Violated & threaten'd the total overthrow of British Liberty
A Nation's Gratitude to Mr Brougham & the other Patriots, that deliver'd England from the Property Tax
Petitions from every Town in the United Kingdom agt the Property Tax—
cit
Libertas
Last Will & Testament of the Property Tax who Died of 37 Mortal Wounds given in the House of Commons 1816—I give & bequeath to ye British people all my Expectancy to future Riches togather with their liberties & privileges that I have unjustly deprived them of in my life time—
Rise Britannia! the Monster that so long oppress'd & trampled on you is at last Subdued.
to Mr Tierney
Economy
This Monster was Bred in a PITT suckled by a FOX cherish'd in a ruinous CASTLE & swept out by a BROOM!!
Fox!
Lack *BRACKETED* a day how you distress me
Spain
Tartary
C. of Good Hope
Moorish State
France
Alg
iers
Africa
Chu *BRACKETED* h and State
Pacific O.
Great Britain
Europe
Torrid Zone
Bengal
Ireland
As-ia
Virtues
Od Zooks why I shall never be able to lay up all these in my wet Dock, Dang it the Mounseers must never talk of cooking after this, I say Measter Nelson why you have done that with the gravy in it.
Ragout from Aboukir
L'Orient
Hash Crocadiles
Ships escaped None
this is only a whet for you we will serve up Dinner bye and bye.
Puff Paste from Brest \\ Howe
Bridport mince meat
Dutch Pudding from Camperdown
An Irish Stew Waren
Fricassee from Cadiz
Se Vincent
Gardners Fricando
Solomon Gundy
The Chapter of Admirals a favorite Song
Howe
Bridport
Gardner
Vincent
Duncan
Nelson
Warren
Best Home Brewd
hurra
Arsenic
I wish I could season it for him
Curse his Guts I say
I say curse the Cooks
Remissness
Duplicity
Profound Peace Budget
Sudden \\ War
Dates Feb
Nootkadle Sound
tka
Scringing Negotiation for Accommodation
Sincerity
Vigilance
Had you trusted to me for Protection I had put you on such a Bottom that none would have dared to insult you
Sound Noddle
Half-pay Commissions at Half Price for Ready Money
cit
Come all you brave Fellows who wish for Promotion. Wether Captain or Colonel or a General's your notion. A Warehouse I keep for the sale of Commissions, And our Prices you'll find will suit all conditions, You'll be treated with Honor if you secrecy mark Sir For my Master is Noble and I am his Clarke Sir, You'll be treated &c.
But forget not the ready *BRACKETED* for pray mark! My Master wants Money, & so does his Clarke. But forget not &c.
Cabinet Coop Quantum Mutatus ab illo!
Dang it there's a rare Brood of 'em—I dont know how I am to get corn to feed you all
These eggs hatched by the warmth of parental care into little chickens feed on the State without mercy—Dry. Flutt'ring there they nestle near the throne And lodged in habitations not their own—Dryden He hath intent, his wonted followers Shall be very well provided for Shak
Mercy—Mercy in the Kings name—ah their will be Law upon this i am Afraid.
Yes and in Proper time to, You shall Have it—with all the Rigour of Law,—
a Plan of the Canal
C.C
Our Meeting
To Col Wardle
. . really distress'd send it
M•A•C
My Honey Pot My lamb of . .
Partner
Duplicate £5000
My sweet sweet little lollipop, I shall. . .
My dear dear Idol
My sweet sweet dear charming
My dear dear dear
Ten Thousand thanks to my dear dear
Sweetest darling love . . dear
Idol of my soul
Tomorrow dearest
How can I sufficiently express my thanks to my dear Love
I recived your dear dear Letter
My dear Sweet dear
Oh my Angel how you are beloved every day ...
Grand Betting Stand by T M Sweap-all
Red-Lyon
Ladies Booth
Bon Jour Monsieur, if you would like a trip to the Brazils I'll conduct you there with a great deal of Pleasure, perhaps you would like a taste of Madeira by the way.
Brazils a hoa
here Bully rock her'es Some Lisbon Diet Drink for you alias Sidney Broth.
Stop them stop them - Murder, fire Bougre why did you not make more haste, you hopping rascal - !! now all my hopes are blasted my revenge disappointed, and ------ I'll glut it on you, Monster, Vagabond, Villian.!!!
Oh by Gar dey have spike all the Gun, oh ma foi ma foi
Macbeth
"They should be Women! - and yet their beards forbid us to interpret, - that they are so.
To H: Fuzelli Esqr this attempt in the Caricatura-Sublime, is respectfully dedicated
Bless my heart!—I vish my vife vas vid us.
As I have a Soul to be shavd but it is a pretty little Lamb give me some of de ribs and von bit of his tail.
Vil you send me up dot mutton vid de tic rine—I vil soon slice it up.
Sir Charles versus Sir James
Ex *BRACKETED* fficio
Oh, dear! Oh dear! this is a strong dose—I'm afraid it will make me worse
Never fear—never fear—You have been very feverish for some time,—and if this dose, my Learned Friend, is not effectual, it shall be repeated
Parliament House
Train of False Patriotism
Oratory
Cloak of Deceit
Loyalty
Dear F. . . , Louis
Majority 8
Satan Spe *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , The majority against Pitt's India Bill on 23 Jan. was only eight.  OPEN>> Parl. Hist.
Gunpowder of Dissention
Messauge from the
Pitts India Bill
Mutiny Bill
Conspirators
27 July
Wholesome & Necessary Restraint
I say Master Bull let him out a bit, do you see he is become perfectly Harmless, he hurts no body he only wants to Play with the Baa Lambs a bit.
Foxis *BRACKETED* Book of Martyrs
no no Master Preist, we let him Loose some years ago and here's an account of a few of his Gambols with the poor Inocent Sheep, he does very well where he is, & Looks fat and Harty, his Tongue his Talons & his Teeth seem quite as Sharpe as ever they did & as his Nature is not altered, I be well, persuaded he wou'd play the same game again, do you mind how he looks at the Baa Lambs besides my Measter has taken almost *BRACKETED* Solemn Oath not to Let him Out & would you have me do it when my Measter is so badly that I cannot Ax his permission no no I cant like you for that Measter Priest.
Elephant
Mount Ossa
Begums in Tears
Plunder
a Whale
a Flea
a Wart
Skin'd Mice
An Ouzle
Charmingly diminish'd
Poor Mice! I shall cry my Eyes out
"Very like an Ouzle
Tuesdays Wednesdays & Thursdays
The Greeks: A Poem  OPEN>> Venu de France d'une manière inconnue;
Greek
Paris
Psalm 7. V. 15. 17
Isah 14. V. 13. 20.
You may baste meat at leisure I'ts my will and pleasure Distinctions betwixt you and me, Hence forward shall Cease In Love and in Peace The P——e and his Cook shall agree.
How sweet and bewitching Is the Queen of the Kitchen So here's to your health my sweet dear.
Shannon
The Thames Printing Office—Copper Plate printg done in the Best Style by J water— Wagtail & Co.
Gin and Gingerbread Sold here Wholesale
The Nelson
Here's my smoking Hot sasengers a penney a peic.
Brothers, for ye are my Brothers—lend me your ears, tunder & turf—ye put me mightily in mind of the Boys at Clare—faith ye'l not be what I take ye for—if you don't Subscribe & agitate down with your money thats the way to get A Radical Reform my darlings
We have got one thief among us already & shall soon have some more no doubt
Scene the Eagle Tavern—A Daniel still I say
nobody would sub¬scribe money to be put under the control, or the care of Mr. Hunt
Blacking
Commit No Nuisance: M . . . CHLESS . BL . . . and O
If you suffer yourselves to be Bought you deserve to be Sold
General Election—Notice
"The winter coming on—and sickness growing—we will retire—Henry Vth
Parliament
Tax *BRACKETED* , Malt Duty, Land Tax, Duties on Horses, Assessed Tax, Duties on Male Servants, Duties Houses, Horse Tax, Beer Tax, Game duties, Duties on Carriages, Hop duty
Place, Pension
Sinecure
They may well say its owing to the Weather this old tree used to give one shelter—but it is now too Rotten
Hear
H
Ayes, Noes
Mouth
A mighty and fearful Head they are / As ever offer'd foul play in a state—Shakspe . . .
Papers, All the Papers
Corresponde *BRACKETED* —Don Predo *BRACKETED* —Don Miguel
Don't you wish you may get 'em
Peninsula, Waterloo
There is a mistake of Two Days in your length of service—your Sixpence pr day can no longer be paid—we can't afford it.
Beer
cad
Come that ere's a werry good un, you two covey's dipt your beaks in—and now there's none of the heavy to be had—you offers me the Pot. I vunder you ant
higher clergy
Aye or No
why not say Under the Table—
now is your time Johnny Wellington Boots 6d A Pair!!!
But where is a poor fellow—to get the Sixpence
Richard's himself again
Westminster
The Rat is one of mans greatest nuisances so prolific is it, and so rapidly does it multiply that Islands and even whole Continents have been devoured by them— they are easily caught
The Fire King—engages to poison Two Dogs, one he will suffer to die—the other after undergoing the most horrible agonies for two hours—will be recover'd—only 3s admittance—Gentlemen to bring their own Dogs
Good Gracious—how shocking—what can Mr Martin be about
He has no fellow feeling. Stop this for shame— if not for Charity
Common Tax Cart
Ministerial Influence
Parliament
Come up
go it Bob—get him over the ground as fast as you can
Beer Tax, Leather Tax, Cider Tax
These will stop his roaring till we get out of the way
Tax Cart
Morea
I am Monarch of all I survey
Arta
Volo
—"For within the hollow crown, / That rounds the mortal temples of a King, / Keeps Death his court: *BRACKETED* . For Leopold's acceptance of the Greek crown, conditions, and increasing demands and vacillation until his final refusal, see Ellenborough, Diary, ii. 160, 183, 195-7, 199, 213-53 passim. See No. 16010, &c. HUNGER-FORD-MARKET *BRACKETED* Starving men, women, and children stand or sit disconsolately in an open space bordered by neglected buildings. In the background is a mast with furled sail. Below:  OPEN>> The Sharers are numerous in this Concern
Wellin *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , while Wetherell, in wig and gown, savagely plies a weighted scourge. From Scarlett's closed lips issues the word  OPEN>> Ego
This from a Brother in Law
Dutch Cheese
Italy
Naples
Rome
Florence
St Jean d'Acre
Nelson
Duncan
Bridport
Secret Expedition
Tree of Liberty
Intended as a companion to the  OPEN>> Great unknown
*BRACKETED* . The King's carriage *BRACKETED* , with four horses and two postilions stops in a country lane. The King says to the postilion on the leader,  OPEN>> Can't you turn Boy?
There's not room please your Majesty
You must go thro
*BRACKETED* tre Royal | Covent Garden | All in good Humour.
A Dirge
An Elegy . . .
A seperation hardly to be borne, Her only Daughter from her arms was torn! And next discarded—driven from her home, An unprotected Wanderer to roam!
For the King shall be Judg'd with the poor of the earth, And, perhaps the poor man will be greater than he. Until that great day we leave Caroline's wrongs, Meantime, may,  OPEN>> Repentance
And pray by what under-hand means has this Lady obtained her Pension
Come forward Madame & shew yourself
Oh! the horrible Creatures are going to examine me
I'll resign my Pension
Scourge
—"Make not a City feast of it, to let the meat cool, ere we can agree upon the first cut.
Property, Ta *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  who flees before them. It has a tigrine head, a quasi-human body, and the feet of a bird of prey. From its belt hang empty bags. Alderman Wood wears armour; he takes two rods from bundles on the ground tied by a ribbon inscribed  OPEN>> Smart Argument
Since now there's Pax, This Monster, Tax, We'll worry from our plain Sir
Well said efaith man, So friend Waithman, I'll second with might & main Sir
I'll tickle his rump Tho he's so plump, And makes in our bags such a racket
If he wont Jog, We still must Flog, And at last we shall pepper his jacket
Taxation Botheration Vexa *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; on it the Royal Arms are faintly suggested. Pitt's words arise from his mouth on a dense cloud of smoke:  OPEN>> Desist ye frantic Civic bands Nor on my darling lay your hands My Spirit stalks St Steven round, Inspiring Statesmen in their dreams, To counteract mad Patriots schemes, And this remember by the bye! Although I'm dead, I'll never die
Income
Property
Comissioners
Collectors
Informers
Assesors
Distraining
Poverty
Soap
Candles
Leather Tax
Secret *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , and holds an open book and a pen; he says:  OPEN>> I'll book these refractory Cits.
How say you? Why what care I! Are not my pockets emptied? Avaunt and quit my sight, Hence, unreal mock'ry, and Let me be a Man again.
Turtle
I have no hand in this business I assure you Sir! its only the Americans that deserve a little flogging, take a little soup after your ride Sir!
Dear me how familiar you are with a Ghost Billy for my part my hair stand and, tell him I have not had a cut at the darling.
Run Monster, run Van I would not give one of my old butts for him.
Nobody pities you upon my honor
Big Ben
Humphries
Mendoza
If my State Carriage cannot be got ready I will go in A Hackney Coach, for I will in Person send them to the People for their decision. See Morn Herd April 23—
W—R
No 302
The Aristocracy have too long kept the Crown and the Government in Subjection to the manifest Injury of the People, the People shall have their Rights
Nothing less than a Knight of the Whip for this!!
Huzza
Reform Bill for ever
A Patriot King, Patriot Ministers, and a Zealous People
Rowlandson
Money Lent
East Indias
Loyalty
Defiance
v
p
Pitt
Mountains of the East
Rising under ye
Indept Electors
Woman of the People
The Materials that form'd this Image came from Holland & by A number of loose principled people was Sett up & Worship'd in A most Idolatrous manner this attracted that part of the people calld the Mob *BRACKETED* Untill the Northern Apostacy!! when many returned to their Establishd Worship & it's thought like other Objects its popularity will soon sink into Oblivion as its foundation is extremly Precarious and Tottering
Long Minuet
Ectype
Prototype
York's Sermons
Cannon Law
Biblia Sacra
John Cap.
whom Patriarch Noah cursed, O Slave to Sem & Japheth. O may on his Head vengeance burst, and push his Bones in Tophet, Pollutes the Lawn with human Gore What Devil can do more
guys
No Popery
up with the ladder down with the Rope
What are goin *BRACKETED* to do wid our Guys ye blackguards.
Dang it they beant agoing to vight about un be-em—.
I feel bound to declare this dealing, and Traffic in Shares illegal.
To Clor-mont
To Bath
Address of condolence without one dissenting voice, the Universal and Heartfelt feeling of the Nation.
I think the Ayes have it!
Rappee
Stasburg
When Scenes of Affliction, of Sorrow and Pain, Affect our dear Relatives, Neighbours, or Friends, We hasten to sooth them, relieve, or sustain, Nor cease our attentions 'till nature amends.
But those in high rank, whose Affections & Feeling, Forbid them to follow the old trodden Path, Their Relations may suffer in Tears Unavailing, Be dying at C- while they Dance to Bath. a Man of Feeling
Le Courrier Anglais
oh le pauvre Commandant
Now foutre you'l take 2 Merchants Ships for a fleet of Men of War again
Ca-ira Ca-ira
here you B--g--r heres a stale Quid for you Instead of Hartshorn
oh Diable we was Make de Dam Mistake Parblue
aye aye D------n Your Eyes Ill make you Blue and Black too
Nantes
Malte
Addington
Traité d'Amiens
Sugar-plumbs
That Pig is the Tallest Fittest Properest Pig to stand before the K the most wonderful I ever had the honor to shew - it is arrived from Ireland - truly worthy the Inspection of the curious, an amazing animal!
True - true - very fat Ireland! - hae? hae? - hope he did not eat any of the Rebels! - shant like the Pork if he has - stick to Fetter Lane - clean and wholesome that - Pretty sausages - hae - hae - What does he say?!! talks French hae? hae.
We - We - We -  OPEN>> . Beneath it is inscribed  OPEN>> This Pig measures 5 feet high & 10 feet long
No Reflection
William of Orange
Ah! Indeed! I had quite forgot what manner of man I was. So since you find I have Piety and all that sort ofthing sufficient, I'll be your Arch Master
Oh! Your Highness is too modest! Turn and see yourself in this Glass; see what indubitable traits of Piety, Patriotism, Honesty, Humanity, Wisdom and Valor are displayed in your honest open countenance
Anti-Reform Tactics; Plan for a New Tory Administration; Private Plots
Sweet
Spirit
Water
Sour
LEND ME YOUR EARS.
It is not mine, but the Doctor's
How long do you think him likely to last
Oh screen me from that Master of the Rolls
Mind I bargain that he dont pay costs
Royal Assent
Now I have this Promethian fire I fear to use it
Oh! proceed. We must only be careful to see that they all have the bump of obedience prominently developed on their craniums; 'tis the only way to neutralize the spite of those already made
Cats Meat Sold Here
The scent lies strong here; do you see any thing?
Oh! if I can but find a smell
Looseness of the bowels is the beginning of the Cholera
Cholera Morbus
Loos... Ch...
Positively we must find something; it wont do to lose our Twenty guineas a day
Tithes
Hoping for the Spread of the Cholera
Deaths
Fearing the Spread of the Cholera
Gin Drinkers Beware
Vort a shame
Deadys
Vitrol
Hoping for an Increase
Fearing an Increase
Hoping the best
Fearing the Worst
Here *BRACKETED* the Wife of Patk Wack
Air—Swinish Multitude set to Music by—Grunt Esqr
Lord Bacon
Ovids Metamorp *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Below the title:  OPEN>> This extraordinary Female is about 18 years of age—of High rank & great fortune Her body & limbs are of the most perfect & Beautiful Shape, but, her head & Face resembles that of a Pig— she eats her Victuals out of a Silver Trough in the same manner as Pigs do, & when spoken to she can only answer by Grunting! her cheif Amusement is the Piano which she plays most delightfully—
Anthem
Needle Case
A Treatise on Tamour *BRACKETED* by Miss Mantee
Holy Water from the River Jordan
Amusements at Madrid!!!
Bigo *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , sits on a throne holding a sceptre. A friar holding a cross stands at his feet pointing behind him to two kneeling men, and an executioner's block, where the headsman raises his axe to smite his victim. Many corpses dangle from gibbets. The friar says:  OPEN>> Here's some more Patriots
O! thats right Kill 'em Kill 'em
Scourge
4 lbs 5 oz 1/2
Sample
If you wish, my sons, for success in this world, or hope for happiness in the next, make no mental reservation—Maugre popularity, I will do my duty!
What! must I confess all? Is there no hope of pardon without it? then I am undone indeed! for I have been very liberal in the use of alum—peas—potatoes—rice—nay stone—and sometimes deducted from the weight, &c—O L—d! O L—d! I wish I had been satisfied with plundering Sunday dishes!— *BRACKETED* .
W
Yea verily, friend I will confess and disburden my overcharged conscience.—I solemnly affirm that I have, all my life, been a strict worshipper in the Temple of Monopoly, erected by my forefathers; and albeit though I have never been scrupulous in my returns, and may occasionally have wanted wind and water to grind corn, I have never ceased to grind the public on every favourable opportunity—. Nha!
I wonder Mr Q—n, that bakers have never introduced Quassia *BRACKETED* ; it is a stomachic Wood, and I deal very largely in it.
None of your tricks upon an old  OPEN>> Traveller
Turtle
I wish they were as honest as I have been with my biscuits *BRACKETED* , or you holy father in your contract for hops.—A speedy reformation to them all, and that soon, say I *BRACKETED* .
Come! thats very good indeed!—I say brother trowsers, invite me to your next Turtle feast. I'll be sure to be in Time,—apropos your watch don't want repairing does it!
Mark Lane
Verily there is a large supply of foreign Wheat and the price has fell.
Then D—n you Aminadab werr'e dish'd!!!
Oh wherefore breathe we in a christian Land?
Christians! I think for my part there are very few left among us, the *BRACKETED* have all turn'd Jews and Turks.
Look there Mr Bull! do you see whats going on Yonder the fish will not starve however.
Good Heavens that the bounty of Providence should be so abused
Dover
I'm tired of this great hat - I will have that Crown
An Appendix to the Vauxhall Affray or Macaronies Defeated . . . 1773
Temp, of Virtue
sacrifice
This incense shall revive degraded Manhood
Master! is it hot enough now?
I owe this infamy to you two; If I had been advised by Mother D------n I had not got in this damned Scrape; and, touching a locket which he wears, Oh! Save my Miniature Picture
Prussian: Orange for ever! and respect to the Ladies. English: Confess yourself a French Dog! Dutch: Help me out Monsieur! you brought me in. Frenchm: Me beg to be excused. Bygar me have nothing to give; & me remember the Duke of Bronsvic, Pitt, Rosbac & Minden
A Graphic Simile
Liberty
Provocative
Equator - Wells
Characters
Reports
Puffs
Compliment
To the Editor
Port
Bull
Ram
Assassins Bay
Cape Horn
Rogues Island
Ecliptic Line - Scandal
Pettition and Pettition New York
Citizens - I am sorry I cannot call you my Lords & Gentlemen!! - This is a Grand Philosophical Idea - shutting our Ports against the English - if we continue the Experiment for about fifteen or twenty years, we may begin then to feel the good  OPEN>> Effects
You shall be King hereafter.
Bull
Bow Wow
How are we to Dispose of our produce; My warehouses are full; Yea friend thou may as well tell us to cut of our nose to be revenged of our face *BRACKETED* ; My famely is Starving
forceble language
Breach of Promise
I shall make a good thing of this Piece *BRACKETED* at last.
I have bother'd the Courts in London many times, I'll now try my hand at the Scotch Bar—as to Miss C— she may do her worst since I have got my Letters back.
Now who dare say, Blacks the White of my Eye,
Oh Stop Stop Stop, false Man, I will yet seek redress tho you have got back your letters—
To Gretna Green
Miss C
Rings to fit all Hands
I am coming down Johnny
So am I too.
Are you my Lads - then D------n me I'll have at you.
Tommy Grey with the tail of his Order!!!
First Lord of the Treasury 6000
The end of the Tail not yet Seen
My son Howick under Secretary of State—2,000
Charley Grey 60th Foot 500
Fred Grey Navy 500 My Son in Law the Coal heaver *BRACKETED* 2,193—6—2
My Son, in Law Georgey Barrington Lord of the Admiralty 1,200
My Son in Law E. Saurin Capt in the Navey *BRACKETED* Commissioner of Stamps 1.200
My Brothe *BRACKETED* Henry General—& Col of 13 Dragoons 1,200
My Brother Ned the Parson 5,000
Neddy Ellice My Brother in Law, Secy to the Treasury 3,500
Ld Ponsonby My Brother in Law Envoy to the Belgian Govt 6,000
Geo Ponsonby My brother in Law—Ld of the Treasury—1,600
My Cousin Duncannon Woods & Forests 3,000
My Cousin the Governor of Malta *BRACKETED* 7,000
My Cousin Secy of State 6,000 *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ;  OPEN>> My Cousin Lamb a Sort of Ambassador—12,000
my other Cousin Lamb—a Sort of Secy of State—2,000
Commit No Nuisance
Reform in Parliament— Meeting will be comm . . .
Sadlers Wells
the King of Prussia
Wright say he is just out
D--n me if any thing went out but that butt of Porter for the Wells
When the Honor of my Country is at stake I feel no Bias but Truth-Guilty
Acts of Parliament
An Abbot D------n me he shall be a Pope
Help Gentlemen Help the poor Man's fainting
Invincible Legion
La Morte ou la Victoire
Vive le Rot Ferdinand VII
Sainte Vierge
Victoire Espagnol
Vive la Libert *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The troops on the mountain have a large cross and a banner:  OPEN>> Libert *BRACKETED* & Loyalt *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The very numerous French soldiers, except for a grotesque group in the foreground *BRACKETED* advancing terrified against the single British soldier, are on a tiny scale, and are in headlong flight, uphill. On their banners are the words  OPEN>> Vive le Roi Joseph
Dupont
Chaos
Lock on Government
The Elevation of *BRACKETED* Baby House
Taxes
New Way to pay old Debts, A Farce by Boreas
Catches & Glees Mr Arne
the soul of the Catch Club
Greenwich Hospital
Love & Madness
Letters
To Barnes
What can you expect from such a Ministry, My dear Coz——Men who could not discover your wisdom and talents for Office
Oh! there's no good to be hoped from such People
A mouth Piece for Hypocrites
Come along you Hypocritical dogs, I dare say you'r Dam'd sorry now for what you've done, no, no, I shall bring yo to my Master
Aye, Aye, what Horatio has got un at last, why these be the Old Cock Deviles I thought as how he would not go so far for nothing.
Nelsons Victory at the Mouth of the Nile
Vox Popula
Excise Office
Cross Post
Sherry
additional Duty
Port
New Duty
not my Dog
To Edinburgh
A good way to save the Duty
I suppose he catch'd the Mange from the Dun Dog
By Jasus! I surrounded them
Ah! - Ah! - Monsieur Bull, - dere you see our Grande flotilla - de grande gon boats - ma foi - dere you see em sailing for de grand attack on your nation, - dere you tee de Bombs and de Cannons, - Dere you see de Grande Consul himself at de head of his Legions - Dere you see------
- Mounseer - all this I cannot see - because tis not in sight!!
Essay on Porter Brewing by H. C. O'Conn *BRACKETED* Brief
We are with the highest consideration Your Super Royal Consulships most Devoted, most Obsequious, and most Honor  OPEN>> d Servants
Oh from the World, O'Connors Friends \\ Fox ha!! - how Old are You? \\ A Brewer, Lord Mayor, ha!! great Pomp. \\ Mr Brief ha!! a great Lawyer can talk well. \\ there you may go
Now  OPEN>> s the Time for Mirth & Glee, - Sing & Laugh & Dance with me
wine cannot cure the Pain I Indure for my Dear Chloe's Sake.
Citizens I am Fathers Son
Place
Plu8
Huzza
Reform in Parliament
His Majestys Minister. . . thanks People of England . . .
Julius Caesar
Speeches
Et Tu Brute!!!
Canning
"Behold the abettors of Revolutions, see  OPEN>> the authors of Plots & conspiracies, & take cognizance of the enemies of both  OPEN>> Church & State; -  OPEN>> I know them all, & have a while upheld, the unyok'd  OPEN>> humour of their Wickedness,
of their iniquity is full; but now, I will bare them before ye Justice of injured  OPEN>> humanity, - I will prove unequivocally, that there exists at the present  OPEN>> moment, a junto of Miscreant Jacobites *BRACKETED* , who are aiming at the Over-"throw of the British Constitution
Marriage Ceremony
Never was better Pork believe me Gentlemen - I powdered it with my own Hands.
Did you so - then I'll tell you what Mistress, while your hand was in, I wish you had Shaved it also.
Why Jack - may I never cast Anchor again, if there ant bristles in this Pork as thick as Cables.
Mr Wells------ff. Enquired for you Sr
He be D------d, We never mean to Pay
Bill for the Relief of Roman Catholics
Oh my eye the fellow has blinded me.
I say you Old Soldier you have stole one of my Feathers! Hollo  OPEN>> a stop thief.
K.R
H
Knowest thou not any, whom corrupting Gold
go, call him hither HARE
gentleman
Irishman
Tyrrel
BURKE
The Great Plenipo
Motions agt a Ward in Chancery
I've been forty years in the Service & never was in such a tight little Vessel Before!— Shell stand any thing after this—I've made the port in spite of the Taylors with good Order An
Frances
Decision of the Chan—r in favour of the Marriage
The Taylors done over a New Song
Guardian Angelo
Old Bags
Decree in favor of the marriage!
Motions, to prevent the Marriage of L—d S—t with a Ward of Chancery
Suits—Bills—Answers— Demurrers,—Re-hearings
Private hearings—Reports, Exceptions—Objections
Appeals Remonstrances & Submission!
Rude Boreas—a design by Michael Angelo's Wife!!
Harbour of Matrimony
Cuckold's point!
Temple of Hymen
Angelo's
Why did you not have a pop at him
I could not fire as the Colonel only discharged his Pistol in the HAir
My Eyes but I would have shivered him like a Biscuit
By Cot he vos de Hero and vos honor to de German School
For all de head vos so deranged, I sal put on de false curl so very neat you sal appear as mush in Order as oder people, my Lor Duc.
Frizeur, Barber-Surgeon. Trapans Toupees, Sets broken Tails, and cures fractured Curls with ease and safty.
Oh de Curse Ball vos take away de curl
Ich Dien
Hertford Leading String
G up! G O!—Oh! dear!! this is a delightful way of Riding!!!
Aye, aye, it may be very delightful to you; but it is devilish hard work for me!—my legs feel so tired I don't think I shall be able to stand for a month to come: Oh! my back!! Oh o o ...
To the Horns, Inn. Hertford
Push along keep Moving—an old Song to a new tune
To Windsor
Although my Hobby is one of 10,000 yet I had a tumble so I wod advise you both to mind what you are about
Petersham
Rights of Man
Rambler's Magazine
To Wales
To London
Noah's Ark
little Jemmy
King of the Beggars
D
P
Sham Pay - n
This Conduit is Free for the Publick
From their Emptyness I shall fill my Pockets
Friend Charles this will pass Current at Westminster
Sam House
Pensions
Places
Bugget, Tea Tax, New Malt Tax, New Tobaco Tax, Coffee Tax
a few Odd Thousands for the New Tailors
Take care John I do'nt rightly know how to manage my new Hobby it is rather a Heavy Machine if you dont go out of the Road to Bottany Bay or Amercia *BRACKETED* I can't answer for the Consequnce *BRACKETED* .
cit
What the Devil the fellow at *BRACKETED* are you going to cram all this Down my Throat Zounds you will choak me.
To America
To Starvation
America
To Ruin
cit
poor old John Bull... nor for X, nor for Z
P C
Nemo . Me . Impune . Lacessit
Bottom
Deddicated *BRACKETED* to the Pugilistic Club, to Amateurs & the Fancy in general—Arms—within a border of Ropes parted per Chief & Base, a Mill proper between two Champions rampant en Combat, on the Sinister chief a Knight of the Fist drawing Claret, facing a pair of Gauntlets, on the base,—time proper. between two Boxers seyant supported by seconds.—Crest—a Clench'd hand, encircled by laurel, supported by Purse or, with Motto, Supporters two Seconds or Bottle holders proper— *BRACKETED* Signed Jackson King at Arms
Art of
Grant of Parlt
Art of Building and Rebuilding or Palladia improved by S---W---C
Affidavit It was only a crack signed - Adam *BRACKETED* Wyat
Bills for the repairing S. H.
Inigo Jones
The House that Jack built
A Ruin A View on the Thames
Washington
Droit des Gens
Droit de la Guerre entre nations civilisées
Liberté des Négres
Bellerophon
gueules au chaîne d'or, posé en croix sautoire et orlé
N
C
As to those Monsters who under the title of Sovereigns render themselves the scourge & horror of the human race they are savage beasts whom every brave Man may justly exterminate from the face of the earth. See Vattels Law of Nations
The Allies had magnanimously given to France liberty, & to Buonaparte life & the Island of Elba. They had given them a constitution far better than any they had ever known from the cobweb inventions & ingenious devices of the Jacobins & democrats who had alternately exercised their talents in that political manufacture till the Goddess of liberty was turned to fury, & the Goddess of reason to frenzy, see Mr Grattan's speech . . . May 25, 1815. By thus breaking the convention which established him in the Island of Elba, Buonaparte destroys the only legal title on which his existense depended: by appearing again in France with projects of confusion & disorder, he has deprived himself of the protection of law, .... The Powers consequently declare that Napoleon Buonaparte has placed himself without the pale of civil & social relations, & that as an enemy & disturber of the tranquility *BRACKETED* of the world he has rendered himself liable to public vengeance. Declaration of the Allied Powers 13 March 1815. To the Editor of the Morning Chronicle / *BRACKETED* / this plate is inscribed by his / very humble Servt / The Publisher.
Dr Steers Opodeldoc for Chilblains.
Now Ladies and Gentlemen let me call your particular attention to this extraordinary Burd, it has been fluttering and croaking about Middlesex and Westminster to the great annoyance of his Majestys Loyal Subjects he is supposed to be of the wild Goose kind by most learned men, and was taken after a great deal of trouble and escorted here under a very strong Guard
Took Took
The Death of Wolfe
Reflections upon £3700 Pr Ann.
Port
Magna Chart *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  has been added. In the group facing Pitt the place of the Mohawk Indian seated on the ground is taken by Loughborough, half-naked, the purse of the Great Seal replacing the Indian's beaded bag, the mace that of his musket, a bloodstained headsman's axe that of his tomahawk. In place of the beaded headdress is the Chancellor's wig surmounted by a monster with the head of a cock, whose limbs are snakes. The two men who lean forward to Wolfe, pointing back to the messenger with the news of victory, are dressed as running-footmen in livery and hold the long sticks with the head enclosing an egg carried by these men. Ink-pots are slung across their shoulders by bands inscribed  OPEN>> Ist Treasury Runner
2d Tre . . .
Libertas
------
Death of Genl Wolfe
LOG BOOK
torn from
the Log
Book
This vessel and Sails will never carry me into Westminster Port
Indeed Mr Fribble I am not to be done in this manner, your Yard is to short by an Inch.
Road to Fran *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; from this hangs a rope inscribed  OPEN>> for Boney
France
Rome
Italy
Holla *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  and  OPEN>> Spain
Honor
Holland
Tet *BRACKETED* born
Conscripts
Mr Pitt in Reply to one of the Jacobinacal Speaches made by the Opposition respecting the Futility of this Country!!! Prophetically Asserted The Energies of this Country will one Day Afford an Example for all Other Nations to Emulate & be roused by the Energies of their Own to Assert and Secure their Independance behold Ye Jacobines & wonder & perish Despisers
or, Taste and Common Sense, refuting Cant and Hypocrisy
Humane Society - Whereas this Pond is very deep & dangerous, it is requested that no persons will rashly venture to Skait upon it
Petticoat Forever
Memento Memori 1784
Marrow bones & Cleavers Constitutional Supporters
Tree of Good & Evil
Sacred to Female Patriotism
Perdition to Scrutiny's & High Bailiffs
See the Godlike Youth advance Sports prepare and lead the dance Fetes prepare and laurels bring Songs of triumph to him sing
Adam and Eve
W. Shaw
An adventerous stripling so sweet Ovid Sings Had the boldness to Soar once on two mighty Wings. Unguided by Judgment and wandring too high He met his Just fate and was plungd from the Sky See first Voyage pag. 65.
Gallant Hotspur------ Let me uphold my drooping Fame, By tacking Bardolphs unto Hotspurs Name
Speech to the independant *BRACKETED* Westminster
The Vicar of Bray
Fellow thy doings are akin to Knavery!! ------, I cannot call thee Colleague I cannot stain the blood of Percy by such a Coalition, rather than call thee Brother I yield my seat to thee,
God prosper long our Noble King
Hark—I hear the Cry of Cossacks —The *BRACKETED* have got Scent of me—I must take to my heels once more—the are close to my Brush.
Corsican Fox
French Frog
Platoff
Hark forward my boys get along! he runs in view—Yoics—Yoics—There he goes—Tally-ho!
Hi—ho—Tally—ho!—For a husband.
Leapsic
Ah! where shall I my Curtis find?  OPEN>> Tell me, ye jovial Sailors, tell me true,  OPEN>> If my fat William sails among your crew?
Oh, Castlereagh, thou spotless Peer!  OPEN>> My Vote shall ever true remain,  OPEN>> Let me wipe off that Union tear,  OPEN>> We only part to meet again!  OPEN>> Change Ministers about!—my Vote shall be  OPEN>> The faithful compass that still points to thee!  OPEN>> Believe not what Reformers say,  OPEN>> Who tempt with doubts thy constant mind,  OPEN>> They swear Contractors, when away,  OPEN>> Two strings to ev'ry bow can find;  OPEN>> Yes, yes, believe them when they tell thee so,  OPEN>> Thine are my only strings, and only bow.  OPEN>> Though Flushing claim this face to-day,  OPEN>> Let not a paler Statesman mourn,  OPEN>> Though cannons roar, yet Castlereagh  OPEN>> Shall see his Alderman return,  OPEN>> All safe and sound, tho' forc'd-meat balls should fly,  OPEN>> And claret still shall wet his civic eye.
A Jew!
John Bulls Box
Bravo! Bravo!!
Ladies and Gentlemen—Having done our duty as far as we were called upon—we most humbly take our leave of a generous Audience, but not like the generality of Actors wishing for a repetition of the performance, but on the contrary that it may never again be repeated—As to our friend Mr Tegg we hope that the graphic illustrations of this Drama—which he and his performers have brought forward may meet with that encouragement which is never denied to the effusions of Whim and Humour by a loyal and liberal British public—but I particularly request that while you acquit the Bishop *BRACKETED* you will be merciful to his Clarke
mercy on us - what tall figure is that - it surely cant be Johnny Bull no no - that cannot be it is not lusty enough for him.
Life in Paris
Huzza Erin go brack now we have made bon fires for something aye, aye we'll put out their rush light
By the Holy Proker they are all in Darkshine now
By Shaint Patrick when we have Put out this jontlemans we shall bring the Moon into general Use
Arrah my boys down with their Day lights & then we shall have Night all Day long
Holy Head
A Peep at the French Monstrosities
Caveau des Sauvages
Or—A Sample of the Co-Operation to be expected in one of Mr Owen's Projected Paradises—Vide The Times & all the Papers
New Views of Society by OWEN
There is not a single Individual in existance who can even partially comprehend my Plan—I am not of your Politics—I am not of your Religion, nor of any Religion yet taught in the World—I move for a committee to consider the Subject—.
Chair! Chair No Politics No Politics
To the Member for Dover—Port Jackson
Amendment
Mr Chairman—I rode on my Hobby *BRACKETED* horse to town this morning for the purpose of opposing the worthy & benevolent Gentleman's Plans which *BRACKETED* — Is in my opinion entirely Political—I hold in my hand a bale of soft goods by way of amendment—a String of Resolutions some Yards long but which being Manufactured in the Old popular Machine are so well known to my customers I need not read them—Being a Man of Weight here I am sure to carry them.
Yes I do hold a place in the Tower! am I on that account not to be heard here, or among Englishmen!!—The Plan before us is one of much Philanthropy, & has therefore nothing to do with Politics.
Waterloo & other Poems—vide Swifts works
Hone's Reformists Register—Mr Owens Plan
Let us alone Mr Owen!
What; not even a Quaker!!!— would'st thou Inoculate us with a pestilence like unto that experienced by those who sit cross legged on the shores of the Levant & amongst whom I have been.
Report on Vaccination by Dr Walker
Black Dwarf
what an incomparable yet incomprehensible plan! what great Co-Operation! why it will Remoralize Man! I hope that certain Great people May partake of it.
If I know any thing of Politics this is all—Politics & nothing but Politics!!
Reform in Parliament
Petetion agst 486 members
Westminster Meeting
Majority for Mr Waithmans amendment
I understand Slavery well! my mother was a slave! This would be an improved system of Slavery—& without the solace of Reveal'd Religion & Faith—
Wilbeforce *BRACKETED* on the Slave Trade
New Testament
Public Opinion
Zanys
C x R
Ordinance for abolishing the free press
What, What, what do you cry for ? cant be shot in this armour, had it from the Tower, it belonged to Harry 8th You'll frighten me if you cry - won't draw my sword if I can help it, but I must frighten the rascals into good manners.
Ways and Means
The Clock, illustrious Warrior, has just chim'd twelve - We must depart
The Songster's ...
Hamlet, A comic Song sung by Messrs. Fawcett, Bannister, &c. at the Harmonic Meetings
Mayor
Procureur
Didn't you Splinter my Leg, between ye, you Bouger
By St Jago I'll give up my Tolido & Run away
Begar he has taken away de best part of mine Head, wich is mine Tail
The English Tar Triumphant Rides Mynheer. And Bangs him with the Tail of Cropt Monsieur. The Dutchman, does but gloomy looks Afford While the Affrighted Spaniard gives his Sword. Such were the Scenes, when Britain's Navy Hurld Her dreaded Vengeance o'er the astonish'd World. That glory fix'd the rage of War must Cease And rougher Arts, give way to gentle Peace
"Hence! - fetch us fewel, & be quick Thou wert best - shrugst thou malice? If thou dost unwillingly what I command I'll rack thee with old cramps -
I must obey! his art is of such power It would control a Setebos, And make a vassal of him.
German Stove
Intrigue and Villainy
Ambition and Folly
Gasconade and Lies
Fire and Sword
Arrogance and Atrocity
Murder and Plunder
cit
Iohn Bulls Coal Tub
Dutch Bellows
Gall
Publishd Wirtemburgh
Sulphat of Swedish Iron
Oh Spare me till the King of Rome / Is ripe for mischief yet to come.
Saragossa
Polar Star
Napoleon Protecter of the Rhenish Confederacy
Francis Emperor of Germany restored 1813
Liberty of Germany
The Downfall of Boney
Fulminating Powder
Vial of Wrath
Tommy
To the most Noble the Marquis of Granby, and his fair Marchioness, this Plate is humbly inscribed by their most devoted Servant The Editor
Beauty and Modesty accompanied by the Goddess of Truth, Cupid and the Graces, invited by Virtue in the form of Hercules to sacrifice at the altar of Hymen, whilst Minerva, Goddess of Wisdom, destroys the evil Daemon of Envy and Discord
à bas le Tyran
Vivent les Bourbons
Vive Louis XVIII.
By gar Papa I have made von grand manœuvre in your Pocket!!
Allied Broom
There he goes!!!
Vive Louis XVIII
Vive Louis
He was whip'd & he w drum'd He w *BRACKETED* drum'd out of the Regt If ever he is a Soldier again The Devil may be his Sergeant.
a bas le Tyran—Down with the Tyrant—Vive Louis.
Vivent les Bourbons
Done at Fontainebleau
traktaat van Cromwel
St. Luke's
Have you received the Forty-five Pounds for Bastardy of an adjoining Parish?
Upon the word of an Honest Man I have not
Never mind telling a good fat Lie.
Overseer laid on the Shelf
A Rum-One
A Wood-en one
You have had the Money in your Pocket these Months past Johnny.
Two Auditors
L W
Sun Fire Office
We will pass the Acts right or Wrong.
Law Expences
Recd by Me John . . .  OPEN>> :  OPEN>> 1809 - 1112. 15. 9 1810 . 369 - 1.9 1811 2223 - 2 - 6 1812 995 - 0- 0 not less then £4700 - 0. 0.
£26. 5. 0
Vestry Resolution passd against a Quaker Overseer
Parish Malt
A Doctor of Phisic
This is very good Malt, I'll have 3 of these Sacks sent to my house & one to an honest Friend of mine.
To be well Shaken when Taken
What will Mrs Grundy say?
A Brazier Turned Philosopher
Dunce
The Beer Brew'd from the 12 Quarters is very weak the Brewer must have been -.
Then Mix it with Brandy.
Oh, No two *BRACKETED* much like - we shall be smelt.
Send for the Docter he's a Judge.
Rum
Setting Sun
Docter
Quaker
Lawyer
A Picture intended to be hung up in the - to deter others from the like offence
Dr. Malt
Jimmy B Dealer in Stones
I had the Malt
I had the Money.
To St Lukes
Tasca
Bossi
Bibiena Galiari *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Gonsaga
Whats all this
Quagmire or *BRACKETED* Sedition
Cochrane's Improved Lamp
H.
A flaming Oration to illuminate Merlins Cave borr *BRACKETED* by H Hunt for the use of the *BRACKETED* Public.
Cobbett's twopenny Regis *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , slung from a pole across his shoulder; under his right arm is a large sack inscribed  OPEN>> Pence
To Chaos
2 oz Gunpowder
Treasonable Papers & *BRACKETED* warrants for imprisonment in ye Tower agt Wilson & others
Sprig of Reflection
Will of the Whisps
Dang you! I'll follow you no longer in your dirty ways—You bewilder me! I am up to the knees already & shall be still more bespatter'd if I go on any further in this way!—The Road to Reform can never be shewn by such Glow-Worms,—I see you all in your True light at last, & will sooner Blunder on in the dark than be led away by such Jack o
Republicans
Republican-Babel
Republican-Babel
and they said, Go to, let us build us a City and a Tower, whose top may reach to Heaven, and let us make us a name!
CATAPLASMA BELLIi ET PACIS, VEL COMPOSITIONE INFERNALIS
To be used as the universal SALVE-ation of this Kingdom | By the KINGS ROYAL LETTERS PATENT, | The Original Warehouse------by------Messrs Reynard & Boreas.
The Fox & Geese
gunpowder jowl
Peace throughout Europe
Charlemaigne Nassau / Capet. Bourbon
Humanity
Justice
Wellington
Blucher
Can little T.O. do no more? - yes, drive a Phaeton and Four!!!!
Warsaw
Praga
Ismael
Malta
Why General this French Ragout does not agree with your Stomach Throw Up a little more Aye - pay him the same respect you would to the Emperor himself
Curse this Massena he has Given me such a Dose that I shall throw up all that I have Taken these Gewgaws are so loath to come up that I verily think they will Ckoak me!!! Damn your Reverence.
Austria
On the Memorable Night of the 23d of Feby 1820, at the Moment when Smithers the Police Officer was stabbed; NB The Scene faithfully represented from the Description of Mr Ruthven, the View of the Interior correctly Sketched on the Spot—
If I could but get over this dish of Blanche Mange - I would soon Invade the Pine Apple.
cits
To Rumpford
To *BRACKETED* my Darling Child *BRACKETED* Deign *BRACKETED* Wr *BRACKETED* te Who Dar'd the Haughty Span *BRACKETED* sh Dons *BRACKETED* Fight The Cause l *BRACKETED* ke others *BRACKETED* did *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* tray Who faintly Fought *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* most Ran away L *BRACKETED* ke a Bold *BRACKETED* U us'd *BRACKETED* Power *BRACKETED* Scorn'd t *BRACKETED* Dreaded C *BRACKETED* rcumstance - Lee Shore Close on their Coast *BRACKETED* d *BRACKETED* d Attack the Foe. *BRACKETED* Gave their *BRACKETED* a *BRACKETED* tal Overthrow. Aga *BRACKETED* n the *BRACKETED* of *BRACKETED* gland was un *BRACKETED* l'd. My Thunders roar'd *BRACKETED* Awe the Subject *BRACKETED* The Prince *BRACKETED* held with Rapture *BRACKETED* Surpr *BRACKETED* se. Wh *BRACKETED* le the true Hero, Sp *BRACKETED* l'd *BRACKETED* n his *BRACKETED* To *BRACKETED* the *BRACKETED* of vic *BRACKETED* ry *BRACKETED* Send Thy Countrys Guard *BRACKETED* an *BRACKETED* m *BRACKETED* trusty Fr *BRACKETED* end Go on Brave *BRACKETED* NEY in th *BRACKETED* Bold *BRACKETED* eer *BRACKETED* let th *BRACKETED* Vengeance, Burst on False *BRACKETED* Then lost Ameri *BRACKETED* no m *BRACKETED* shall Roam *BRACKETED* find w *BRACKETED* th me true *BRACKETED* ness is *BRACKETED* Home Pe *BRACKETED* shall aga *BRACKETED* n her Olive *BRACKETED* expand *BRACKETED* Smiling *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* the Happy L *BRACKETED* Brittania
You buy threads, pins, and needles of me, For my catalogues never once goes awry, Besides the best sugar and tea, Mugs, mouse-traps, and all other grocery. Marabobette, marabobe! . . . Drops of brandy, glue-pots, and go-carts, Birch-brooms, and ribbons for fairings, O, With charming tandadling tarts, And fine candle end and cheeseparings, O,
At nunc dura dedit vobis discrimina Pallas
Impavidum Ferient Ruinæ
Knight of the Royal & military order of St. Louis Captain of Dragoons Aide-de-Camp to the Marechal Duke de Broglio; Minister Plenipotentiary from France to the King of Great Britain
... the secret of her sex was discover'd in London in febry 1771 through many accidents and Particulary *BRACKETED* through the declaration of the Princess Askoff ...
English Mezzotint Portraits
Coal Burn Bently & Co
Moon Boys & Co
Constable & Co
Longman & Co
Who cares for you! can you give us change for a Sovereign?
Lauke a mitee bless you can you give me two farthings for a ha-penny
There now Teddy it's all right you carry me and I'll carry the Pig
Hush hush now my good man gently! now, go to bed, go to bed you will be better in the morning
What could you do without my wisdom
Blood and fire I will have Reform, Reform! Reform! Holo I've got the Cholera Doctor Doctor, run run, don't tell me of raving I will rave Reform!! Reform Cholera and Reform!!!
Durham Coal
I say the man's mad & wants correction and a straight waistcoat
D'ye think so?
I wants a pennorth O Camphor
Spirits of Wine and mustard
I feel very poorly
Camphor
Soap Sir
Paper Sir
Eh! what!! Oh! how dare you put it so near my mouth, I declare I took it for a pitch plaster—you've spoilt my supper
Wot if I am drunk I've a silk Cloak to cover my infirmities
Here's a health to Sir Charley and No Reform
Blow Reform let's have a refill bill but I wish Mr Wether-all had brought some gallowes *BRACKETED* with his breeches
Rum
Taxes
A Place is nice
And so is a Pension
Let me come up for a sinecure
A Pension
Ditto
Just as if I had not enough to bear without these Vermin
Union Is Strength
Reform
Down with it
Aye down with it my Boys you may burn the sticks for your pains
All honestly comeby I assure you shot on my own grounds, pray encourage an honest man
No - no I can get them cheaper I don't intend to give more than eighteen pence for such a lot
Choice Game Partridges 5s Pr Bce Hares... 5s Pheasants 10s
Cup Cup Cup Cup Cup biddy Cup biddy, try and catch some of the black ones
I fear you must get some ready truffled from the Royal shop
off off.
Old Prices *BRACKETED* Catalani
These are the Boxes Painted so neat, with snug room and sofa all complete, Where assignations are made by the Great that Visit the House that Jack built.
pigeon holes
No Pigeon Holes
off off off
No Private Boxes
Old Prices No Catalani
Iohn Bull agai *BRACKETED* Iohn Kemble verdict for the Plantif
Old Pri *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ;  OPEN>> Remember the Dublin Tinman
No Private Boxes no Catalani
Old Prices
These are the Pigeon Holes over the Boxes Painted so neat . . .
This is the Cat engaged to squall To the Poor in the Pigeon Holes . . .
This is John Bull with his Bugle horn who Hissed the Cat . . .
Traps
This the is *BRACKETED* Thief-taker shaven & shorn That took up John Bull. . .
This is the Manager, full of scorn . . .
The Road to Ruin
House of Commons
Cat o'lic Emancipation
h
Caught you at last! Caught you at last! not quite blind yet! always my Eye upon you!
Yes my dear fellow I know you were, but it was at other Fauks expence I was not York enough for you.
Greys Slate Bricks from Essex Alter sells *BRACKETED* em.
Oh bury me! bury me! in Oblivion.
Petty Calculations
My Head is where my heels should be, I am so d---ly nettled I shant be able to sit again
Action Brick Wall versus Blockheads
The shock is great and great the fall Oh curse that Brick Wall.
i can boast of bottom too but they say I have no top.
I gave them my advice but my Physical knowledge availed not.
Bag Rats
Windem! Windem! I windem My Boys -  OPEN>> . He holds a paper:  OPEN>> List of Dogs turned out this day
I have often heard of Men running their Heads against a brick wall, but never heard of Men building a brick wall to run their Heads against, - dissolution is the consequence & I am undone - its well for you you have so much Bottom you may die to live again!
Yes you're all Wind but Dam me dont make such a noise.
House of Commons \\ Repair'd with improvements by G R Anno Domine 1807.
St Stephens
No Popery Church and King for Ever
Church and King for ever
Drury Lane the Scool for Scandal *BRACKETED* to whi will be added The Wood Dæmon
Covent Garden His Ma . . . Se *BRACKETED* - Real Alarms or the Election
Goal
Gaol
Meteor
Oh! by the Powers my Honey you must not go & leave all these good things behind you.
Va pou rs
Dropsy
Punch cures the Gout the Colic & the Phthisic *BRACKETED* .
Come Deary take a little of my Turtle Soup.
Meteor N° 3
Accept my Prince a correct account of my Travels in Holland which cannot fail but afford you considerable information & amusement.
G P R
Meteor
Belvoir Frolic's or Punch's Christening
Dispatches from Lord Wellington ye defeat of Soult!!! Bourdeaux in our possession!!! Bounaparte defeated by Blucher!!!
To Lord Liverpool
I beg leave to lay before My Prince a Correct account of the Opposition Hoax upon the Stock Exchange which I pronounce to be as alarming in its proposed consequences as ye famous Gunpowder Plot in the Days of James.
Green Street
Death of Buonaparte
Cockadoodel.
Omnium
Ye Sub. Committee
I hope your Highness's Breeches sit easy I trust the padings are rightly placed.
Instructions for the Coat NB the collar as before
further instructions
instructions for ye Breeches
unpaid Bills
Your Royal Highness's Wig which I confidently present as the best in Christendom.
I must wait till these weighty matters are settled.
Black Jacks Black Bag
10 for Ste . . . g Cheese
100 for Stealing Bread
50 for Stealing meat
The Imperial Dilly
To the Treasury
Parliament Street
Be sure to bait pretty often - things of that kind, please Mr Bull, and d'ye hear get some more Cattle of the Scotch breed - they are very serviceable Animals.
I'll be entirely guided by you depend on it.
I wish Billy would take the road again. I dont think that Master Simple, knows much about the matter
Yes Lovey - but I hear he is going to be married - if so he'll soon leave off driving
Cabinet Bag
Euphorbium
Coalition
Capsicum
Receipt Tax
India Bill
Violation of Charters
Cromwell's Ambition
Cataline's Abilities
Damiens Loyalty
Machiavels Politics
Whereas some d------d Rogues have been guilty of Treason In making me sneeze when I wanted to reason And whereas it appears upon Analization That this Bag's vile Contents wou'd have poison'd a Nation And whereas tho' the Scheme has for once been defeated The Dose may at some future Time be repeated I conjure my Constituents wherever they be To take Care of themselves, and be careful of me
Ha! ha! you Bull beast you Blackguard Islander. you see I'm come back again & now you shall see what I will do with you you wretch! you thought I was done over did you?! you thought I was going to stay at Elba? D—n all Elbas & Abdications: Englishmen & their Allies—I'll play Hell with them all.
Rockets
Poison
Powder
cit
You may be D—d I'll make a Tobacco Stopper of you.
Oak
Elba
Bellerophon
Petetion
Letters to the Princ Regent
O! good Mr Bull I wish you to know /, *BRACKETED* / That my Career is at an end: / And I wish you now to stand my Friend / For tho at the Battle of Waterloo, / I was by you beat black & blue / Yet you see I wish to live with you / For I'm sure what is said of your goodness is true / And now if in England you'll let me remain / I ne'er will be guilty of bad Tricks again.
Oak
Let me see, first of all you sprung from the Island of Corsica—and when you was kick'd out of France & went to the Island of Elba you made another Spring into France again—And now when you are kick'd out of France a second time you want to come & live on my Island but it won't do Master Boney— you'll be making another Spring into France again I suppose. So I tell you what I'll send you to the Island of St Helena & we'll see what sort of a Spring you'll make then.
Franc *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . On this a group of beribboned frogs cluster in consultation round a tricolour flag. On the horizon are *BRACKETED* a promontory inscribed  OPEN>> Port Jackson
St Helena
Yow be very uncivil Mr Bowling I make a fine Bow & not intend to yow & yow knock me Down with your D------d Head.
D------n your paper Sconce who taught yow to bow to a Gemman yow lubber yow I'll tip yow the Prince's bow *BRACKETED* at Elliots Ball
D------n my Eyes, Jack you've carried away his Top Gallant & made him mis stays & the *BRACKETED* Patter him for a Swab
Mynheer yow will not let me come bye to assist my Cousin
Monsieur yow was not give me room to smoke
Reform
Eloquence
Liberality
Piety
Humility
Beauty
Sagacity
'Let your means be adequate to the end Proposed.
Swing Catcher
Swing
Now you little rascal, I'll give you your choice, either to stop your handy work and to be roasted, or come with me and be hanged a little bit
Now I hope we shall soon be in France there's plenty of wine
TRAMPLES THE VICTORS & THE VANQUISH'D BOTH.
Here's a Farm of yours at Windsor here for which taxes are due to the amount of more than 60 pounds, pray what have you to say why they should not be paid
Borobridge
Caudle
Mr Doctor I've nursed many such and I protest against your proceedings
Hold your tongue old Woman
Dr Grey seperating the Borobridge Twins
Reform
House Of Call For Lords
We never did have such a sign and never will
Bravo saw away
So violent was the scramble for the medals that the Officer who cast them was glad to compound for his limbs by leaving his Bag
Most excellent furniture what nobody buy? going for almost nothing going, going really it seems no go
Four pounds seven and threepence parish rates, or I seize
Do and the Parish will find me new furniture for my old
You've nothing to do with making the rates you've only got to pay em
Aw mon haud ye seen his lang body a tap o his lang shanks; his lang head and his lang wig we his gouden cor-net, a tap o aw ye'd said it was an awfu grand sight
Lets dine on cresses that we may afford to dance all day
Sure aint one post as good as another and if they should not neceive *BRACKETED* it, wont they save the postage
Post Office
The extravagance of the Government is not to be born, I wont pay the Taxes, I wont, and yet dam it I suppose I must
Crowdy
Oatmeal
Can't ye fill your warne with gude oat meal as well as roast-beef it will be aw the same to morrow; have ye na sa much Philosophe?
Times
St Step *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , extending a leg to kick. From its mouth come the words  OPEN>> I'll teach you to be absent when there's a division on the Reform Bill—in, in to your duty you renegados
Help help murder fire theives
By Gar me vil have no fighting Mynheer
Keep the Peace
From a design by the most Noble the Marquis of L—nd—nd-y
Popularity
Probity
Now my Lords What will your Lordships do?
Eloquence
Learning
He doth bestride the House like a Colossus and we petty men creep under his huge legs
Journal
"As I saw them all busy doing something, I asked Col, with much earnestness what I could do
"Thus did I stand firm to my post, while the wind and the rain beat upon me, always expecting a call to pull my rope.
Satirist
Opera-house
Ma Vife take great fly! Hey diddle! high Didel-ot Vy not take a fly? You vell paid for all.
No! I'll be dam if I take a fly!!! I'll be de Angelle no longer—nor any what oder ting till I are payed.
Angelle
De Taileur Bird in yondere caige confine / To me sing de note of Sorrow.
I am quite tired of perching on this Bench! I wish they'd let me fly too!!!
Ladies and Gentlemen! where's the use of our going a rioting?
La Fille Sauvage
Il Matrimonio par *BRACKETED* Sassnio, Mozart
*BRACKETED* ucitta
Boudicca
La Charmante Hongr *BRACKETED* ise
Little Maddox Street
New-Bond Street
Faulder
Bookseller & Book Binder
Rules of the Order of Sr Francis
List of Servant Maids
A Chip of the old Block
Doe Hunting an Ode by an old Buck Hound
The Beauties of Bond Street
A Journey through Life - from Maddox Street unto Conduit Street & back again
Satirist
Treasury
Lord Wellingtons Recall
I shall be Prime
Then I shall be Bang Up to every thing
Et Moi aussi
Peace Offering
Away Rogues you can't come in here
List Pensi *BRACKETED* Edin *BRACKETED* Revi *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Lady Holland wears a very décolletée bodice with jewels, and a belt inscribed  OPEN>> Status quo ante bellum
Great Room
A most Prodigious Pippin
Mr. West
Keen's Seedling
Mr Rogers
Mr Wilbraham
Dr Henderson
Lord Verulam
Well who cares a jot They envy my lot While I have George for my friend & my Dog and my Gun.
Sotto voce
M T
Your settlements in the East are taken by the English
your seamen will not fight with the french
Your fleet is now ready but dare not sail for the English
we have lost our Trade.
America can't pay her Debts
French Politics Da -  OPEN>> d
Ville de Parris for that
English navy Encreasd
Gibralter not taken
Spain in the Dumps
Holland Sick
Mrs Clark is the Text
hieroglyphic letter
Grant me, I beseech you, O great and mighty Lord of the Land of Oats *BRACKETED* , a Bishopric; or, if it be more agreeable to your Royal Mind, let me be immediately made a Dean. O dearest Angel, Mrs. Clark! as you are my only Refuge in the Time of Trouble, and as you are the only Great Giver of Places in Church and State, let me entreat your Interest in my behalf! . . . *BRACKETED* .
Regardez-moi
Electrical E. E. L.
The Torpedo. Dedicated to Ld------C------. My Lord, I take the Liberty------ The greatness of whose Parts are known. . .
The Torpedo, a Poem to the Electrical Eel addressed to Mr John Hunter Surgeon
Dedicated to . . . Lord Cholmondeley,
What tho' Lord Ch--lm--d--ly may conceal A most enormous length of Eel Admir'd for Size and bone: OPEN>>  In the wall which forms the background are two sash-windows and a door *BRACKETED* round which a grinning youth, probably a servant, is looking. On the wall are half length portraits: three in ovals of elderly ladies in profile, one of a clergyman, full-face, wearing a biretta, his left hand on a book. There is also a picture of Fox, with a fox's head, seated opposite Cholmondeley; they are throwing dice. Fox appears satisfied, the other clenches his fist and exclaims in anger. A devil is climbing on the top of the frame and holds out a claw to grab the head of Fox. On the picture are the words  OPEN>> A Nick by God
Complete Peerage
Sung by Mr Grimaldi, in Harlequin and the Water Kelpe, at Sadler's Wells
From an Original Drawing in the Possession of the Editor late in the Collection of Geo. Scott Esqr F.R. & A. S. S
hartshorne
La, Bless me how cool it is.
It is certainly more gratifying to view, than the Regents Bomb!!!!!!
I think she intends it as an opposition, to that in St James's Park.
What a rude wind this is, old *BRACKETED* fast behind Mung.
Yes, Miss'e I wont let Loose if you dont.
Rome
This is my Ass & I'll lead it where I please.
Lead on my Lord I'll drive the beast along.
Short on Grinding
Copley
Natl History
Anatomy
Nat. Philo *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . On the wall above the President's head is a bust of a man with the full wig of Queen Anne's reign. On each side of it is a picture: *BRACKETED* Midas with long ass's ears judging between Apollo and Marsyas; above it is written  OPEN>> Aures Asininas habet Rex Midas
Veluti in Speculum
Redivivus 1777 Dormiente Consilio
Et in Arcadia Ego
Nil Admirari
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Maison du Gouverneur de l'Isle
Coquin si tu sort de là je te secourai les puces.
Ah! qu'elle *BRACKETED* niche on m'a fait là.
Nourriture
Boisson
Soucis
Ennuis
Remors
Amertume
Fort St Hellène
Your Grace was kind enough to say the other evening that you withdrew your important motion solely out of deference to my opinion—would you for the same reason be so good as to relinquish your opposition to the Reform Bill?—
By St Patrick if the Paddy Bulls get's the better of the Johny Bulls, I'll go to Iriland *BRACKETED* turn Monk and give Absolution to all the Females.
Pull away my honies, or by Jasus we shant have the great big Darling come for to wisit us.
Fox's Book of Martyrs
Holy Bible
1813
A new Map of England & France
Paris
Northumberland
River Thames
Hampshire
Sussex
British Declaration
Bum-Boats
them *BRACKETED* Fiends of Darkness to P--t Shall Soon give Way, Reflect new Glories and Augment the Day.
Behold Madam Goddess that Black Looking Dog Which O, our Sweet Patroness deserves a Good Flog, As a Desert which he Merits may he er'e be Disgraced, And no more in office let him ever be placed. All shall Yeild to A Youth who you see, Like Chatham, Shall be For Matchless was he, Who begat thee. And thou Like him Immortal shall be, Reynard's Ambitions so Rampant and high, His Tongue's all deceit His words all a Lye, Our Charters attempted which we hold so near. To root out our Blessings at Prices so dear. All shall Yeild &c. Pitt we hold Loyal as Britains great Boast, Preserves this our Country as our Ships will our Coast, Pretenders we've many Our Rights to Maintain, But all Like bold Reynards thier Pretentions are Vain All shall Yeild &c. Let Reynard delight in his Cards and is *BRACKETED* Dice, Lord N------ *BRACKETED* and B------ *BRACKETED* both may Glory in Vice, But the Virtues of Pitt tho he is but a Youth, Shines with Lustre Supreme for Speaking the Truth. All shall Yeild &c
Honi . . .
Connubial joy all other care disowns, The Parents happy, whilst the daughter drowns.
"Soldier, wherefore renderest thou not to Nectabanus the homage due to his dignity
M.T
Bish
Port Wine
Blank
Prize
Marching Allowance
Company's Jaggerknaut
Conciliation Ball's, Allowance for Past Services, Advance of Pay, Pay, Pay
Burmese Stockades
Lahore Cashmere 100.000 Horse
OPEN>> The native rebel troops refusing to lay down their arms, a signal was made, the artillery opened in their rear with such |  OPEN>> effect that they were immediately thrown into confusion, 480 it is said, were left dead on the field, 80 or 100 taken prisoners, some *BRACKETED* |  OPEN>> which were hung in chains, and the rest sent to work on the roads in chains, for fourteen years.
To correspondents.
stand off Stand off if I invited the two principal Staunch feeders, I shall not allow the whole Pack
Come on my lads we shall have rare sport, Well make a desperate Attack at the Baron of Beef
We'll show his Hignness what a desperate Knife and Fork City Chaplins can play
Dr Pittardo
Rigestir *BRACKETED* Office where Servants may hear of good places
Richmondungus
Receipt Tax Repeald and Youth an Enormous Crime
Treasury
Secy Rosebud
Dr Renardo &c
The Art of Gaming taught & Practised in all its Branches by
Burkobus
To the Independent Electors of West - and An Address to his M-----y
Punch Lethargo
Cathartic Drops
Motion Pills for Members
An MT *BRACKETED* house
St Stephens
Ay I am agoing; a wasting and a wasting - what will become of the House when I am gone Heaven knows - No - When people are Missed then theyre Mourn'd - Sixteen years have I lived in St Stephens Chaple comfortably and creditably; and tho I say it, could have got bail any hour of the day! no knock me down doings in my house, a set of regular sedate sober Customers - no rioters - Sixteen did I say - Ay, eighteen years have I paid Scott and Lot - and during the whole time nobody have said Mrs North Why do you so? unless twice that I was threatned with impeachment and three times with a Halter!
May I lose deal, with an honour at bottom, if Old Moll does not bring tears in my Eyes.
Constitution Cordial
See Foot's Minor page 29
D.N.B.
A slap at slop
Gazette
Bill
O Yes! - I dare say you have - you are pretty fellows to help a lame dog over the Stile! - besides I have not time to talk with you - I have got the Doctor's Accounts to settle - the Stone Expedition alone will take me a Month to look over
During the Duke's Temporary sojourn at Walmer Castle he invariable *BRACKETED* reposes on the Camp bedstead which form'd his Grace's couch throught *BRACKETED* the Peninsular Campaigns —the highly prized article of furniture being regularly convey'd from Downing Street to Walmer Castle when ever the Duke, visits the latter place, vide Morning Herald
These Monsters will tear out my very Intrails
He shant be hurt if his Gut holds out
Justice
We'll Gutt him
The sight of these is good for the Eyes
These is provision for a K-----g poor soul I'll take care he shan't be hurt.
"I had a most elegant Room
"I saw, in imagination, Lord Errols Father, Lord Kilmarnock *BRACKETED* & I was somewhat dreary, but the thought did not last long, and I fell asleep.
Pam be Civil
Fox
North
. . . Droit. Honi . Soit. Qui . Mal. y . Pense.
Ordered to lie *BRACKETED* lay on the table
Secret Committe *BRACKETED* —
Mum, - is the order of the Day!!
The Fundamental Doctrines of Christianity Subverted
Anti-Catholic Petition and Letter from W—nch—ls—a to Mr C—Ir—dg. Behind Wellington *BRACKETED* is the doctor *BRACKETED* , spectacled and sucking his cane; a case of instruments on the ground beside him. Above Wellington's head is the arm of a sign-post:  OPEN>> To Battersea
The Gauntlet W
Apology
Falmouth Petition
Send them to Battersea to be Cut for the Simples
Rambler's Magazine
Jane Shore
Florizel and Perdita
il ne faut pas que je sois pris
Propositions de Subsides
Projets de Coalitions
Envoyé d'Angleterre auprès du Cabinet Prussien il ne se trouvait qu'a 6 lieues du champ de bataille pendant la journée d'Iena il entend le canon.....court.... offre 60 guinées pour un cheval l'obtient & se sauve. Voyez le 18me bulletin
A Slap at Slop
cit
I am going up Iohnny!!
The pint allways follows the Quart lohnny - nothing like an Overtaker
The Devil you are! - what do you mean by that! it was but the other day you told me you was coming down.
Never mind Iohnny - your old Friend Quartern Loaf, will stick by you to the last
Printed by D. N. Shury, Berwick-Street, Soho
Address
You are now, Young Man, entering on a scene of life the most glorious and enterprising - that of an English Sailor. . . . An imperious and daring Invader threatens to approach your shores. . . .
Duncan, brave Cornwallis, Howe, Warren, Hood, the famed St. Vincent, and the undaunted Hero of the Nile! . . . Farewell! be vigilant, be bold - true to your God, your Country, and your King!
- Qui Color ater erat nunc est contrarius atro Translated for the Country Gentlemen. I have found him a warm Friend a fair though formidable Adversary
Purling Rills in all their Beauty, but I will not Insult Your Judgment comments are unnecessary 900Gs I thank you Sir The Enchanting Flame of Ovid Joind to the Wit of Martial 950Gs I dont wish to be tedious Gentn 950Gs but I beg Pardon you are fascinated Permit me to remind you this little Magic Instrumt can rob you of an Oppertunity you may never again Possess - & then the Curtain will be Drawn between you & this Inestimable Jewel for Evere
Irish Channel
Union of Security Trade & Liberty
Discord
Hip! my old Friend Pat! - hip! - a word in your Ear! take care of yourself Pat! - or you'll be ruin'd past Redemption - dont you see that this damn'd Union is only meant to make a Slave of you! - do but look how that cursed Hag is forging Fetters to bind you, & preparing her knapsack to carry off your Property, & to Ravish your whole Country, Man, Woman & Child! - why you are blind sure! - rouse yourself Man! raise all the Lawyers & spur up the Corporations, Fight to the last drop of blood, & part with the last Potatoe to preserve your Property & Independence -
beware Pat
beware.
Plunder & Knapsacks! & Ravishments, & ruin of little Ireland! - why - by St Patrick, its very odd, now! for the old Girl seems to me, to be offering me her Heart & her Hand, & her Trade & the use of her Shelalee to defend me into the bargain! - by Jasus! if you was not my old friend, Charley, I should think you meant to bother me with your Whisperings to put the old Lady in a passion, that we may not buss one another, or be Friends any more
Life in Paris
A Flush
Pam saves me
cage
Winning Post
This is a very extraordinary Article! It is a species of Automaton, called a Mar-quiz & in skilful hands may be made to do almost any thing but speak, It deserves a place in the King's Cabinet of Curiosities! and is worth a Mint of Money—What shall I say for it.
I think it would be worth having P—I, if it were but to prevent it from falling into bad hands!
Automaton
I must confess it is not exactly to my taste
Dreamt, dreamt, last night the dogs put fire and brimstone in my Breeches Something dreadful in them I'll lay my life! Do you see any thing in them, Charley ?
Indeed my dear, there is nothing inflammable in them.
Lot's Wife
Le Bon Genre N° 5
A Seene *BRACKETED* Expected to have happen'd near Lisbon
To Sir Arthur Wellesle'y. Beside Junot *BRACKETED* , who has dropped his sword, lie his feathered bicorne and a paper:  OPEN>> A Genl Junot Foitez les ques *BRACKETED* des Anglais Bonaparte
Js Gy d. et ft
Pubd by H. Humphrey
Ca ira
Libertas
Bon Soir Monsieur
<<CLOSE - -----"Forward immediately your Honour; But sure a'nt I waiting for the Girl with the Poker \\  OPEN>> just to give this Mare a burn your Honour, 'tis just to make her start your Honour.
The New Thatched-House Tavern
Nate Post-Chaise and Whiskey \\ Nate \\ Entertainment for Man & Beast.
to Ballyragger
to Athlone
Liberty
Justice
Byng Dunston
Wilkes Manwaring
Grace
Test
Coalition
Spur them up behind Doctor, or I shall lose the race
All *BRACKETED* Blue and Buff
Byng for ever - and may the Hearty Cock ever stand stout in our sarvice
Well said my Dutchess - Charly's Whipper-in for ever. Huzza
Byng
To Brentford
Sung, with universal Applause, by Mr. Sloman and Mr. Munden.
always changed his shirt at night
I believe so for I saw a waggon of hay get in there this morning
GR
Deliver this Immediatly He must Die.
Justitiae Soror Fides
It is determined that British Justice shall never be Stained by Partiality, while the poor & ignorant suffer for their Folly the Rich shall also suffer for their Brutality and Infamy.
An Account of the Mutiny
A Full True and Particular Account of the Trial of . . . For the Murder of. . .
low life
hieroglyphic letters
Protestant
Cripples Corner
cit
The Dreadful Riots of November 1830
We will never Surrender
Nothing like Rotten Eggs
Get your Squirts ready here . . . Stuff.
here's some that will stick by you
Here I come with plenty of Peas
Peas
More Peas
here is some of Wisharts best Shagg
Let the Women have plenty of Gin we shall do them
We will make you Reform
heres plenty of rotten Oranges for nothing
False Optics
True Case of Mr Hastings
As it appears to Honest Edmund
True Case of Powell
As it appeared to honest Edmund
Misgovernment
Lack
India Bill
His notions do fit things so well, That which is which, he cannot tell, But oft times, tho' sure as a gun, Mistakes the other for the one, For whilst one thing seems to catch the eye, To another he'd his hand apply; With words honest Edmund has the knack, To paint, as suits best, things white or black, Thus Hastings is black, which is as clear, As that Powell did pure white appear; But he knows what's what, and that's as high, As Oriental wit e'er could fly
The Definitive Treaty of Peace was signed at Paris on the 30th of May. . . . The figures represent Britannia seated on a rock, supported by Peace & Freedom, with Plenty presenting the fruits of the earth from a cornucopiæ. . . . On the one side *BRACKETED* is the flourishing pillar of commerce, and on the other that of monopoly *BRACKETED* broken asunder . . . ; in the background warriors returning to their homes and friends, trading ships on the ocean, where the British flag is still hoisted triumphant.
Ex Officio
Thou Nature's whole perfection in one piece
GR
a Glass of All-Sorts
True French Wine
Brandy and Water
Goosberry Wine
Brentford Ale
Spruce Beer
Elder Wine
Whitbreads Small-Beer
Mum
Medicinal Wine
Bouncings
Growlings
Fibs! Fibs! Fibs
Abuse
Abuse
Damn'd Fibs
Invectives
Old Puns
Groans of Disappointment
Stolen Jests
Invectives
lame Puns
Invectives
Loyal Boastings
Dramatic Ravings
Low Scurrilities
Stale Jokes
Fibs, Fibs, Fibs! Egotism
- the honble Gentm tho' he does not very often address the House, yet when he does, he always thinks proper to pay off all arrears, & like \\  OPEN>> a Bottle just uncork'd bursts all at once, into an explosion of Froth & Air; - then, whatever might for a length of time lie \\  OPEN>> lurking & corked up in his mind, whatever he thinks of himself or hears in conversation, - whatever he takes many \\  OPEN>> days or weeks to sleep upon, the whole common-place book of the interval is sure to burst out at once, stored with \\  OPEN>> Studied-Jokes, Sarcasms, arguments, invectives, & every thing else, which his mind or memory are capable of embracing \\  OPEN>> whether they have any relation or not to the Subject under discussion - See Mr P-tts speech on ye Genl Defence Bill. March 6th 1805
lounge
Les Provinces-Unies et la Guerre d'Amérique
Caricatures
Gillray
This deformity is quite inconsistent, believe me, with the Nature of your Constitution & therefore must be got rid of, I will undertake with your approbation, to remove it & my assistant Doctor Russell here will prepare you for the Operation
I once thought that a case of this description ought to be treated with great caution and even wrote as well as talked a great deal about it, but now I am quite of a different opinion I think there is nothing like cutting away thro
I ca'nt say that my bodily health was ever better, or that I ever felt stronger tho' to be sure I am not growing younger; but then every one is telling me how deformed I am grown of late & this tumour which I have had from my infancy is all a Mass of Corruption
I say the Man has no defect in his Constitution & that what they call corruption is necessary to his existance—but now because he would not believe me, but choses rather to submit to the experiments of these rash operators —Wharnecliffe who is a sensible Man lays all the blame on me
Yet I begin to think we could have done better, when we found him determined to think that his Constitution was impaired, to have tried—just in the way of soothing, a gentle alterative Course
Sessions House Crerenwell
Spit Fires
M.Y.C
Reform
We'll have you, as our rarer monsters are, painted upon a pole.  OPEN>> Shakspeare
Rambler's Magazine
Mind what you are at Messmates for I am upset, and the frigate I came on board of—has been under weigh, without me this half hour.
Keep more to the Star-board and be D—d, to you—dont you see how you make my vessel, run a head.
Here I come my Hearty's —Right and tight,—smart sailing, but never mind that—I cant be cast away for my commander, Heavens bless him has lash'd me to the deck, with some tough Old Cables!
D—n me—how she heaves. Why this is worse than a Jolly Boat, in the Bay of Biscay. and what a D—d noise she makes in her poop—Signals for sailing I suppose.
John Bull
La My Love how Merry dem People was be to see us. oh what good natured People dey are What Pretty tings dey have got
yes My Dear it is their Joy to see You, but take care you do not lose your Seat
100.000 Crowns
this is Another Load on my Back
I suppose Massa will flogg one of us to morrow for the Amusement of my Lady.
now for some bit
now we shall touch de Monies
Stand, ho! - What little Reptile's that?
Constitutional Lanthorn
Voice of the People
Public Safety
Patriotism
Virtue
I have been long deceiv'd by Hypocrisy but have at last discovered an Intention of sacrifising the rights of my people to satisfy a private ambition
Shop Tax
Falshood
Rebellion
Envy
Liberty
Commerce
Whilst we mourn the occasion we must feel ourselves happy in reflecting that we are blessed by a Prince whose wisdom will protect our liberties, whose Virtues will afford stability to Empire
Would I might be Hang'd, To be Hang'd with you my Dear with you
& I would so too
Huzza, O be Joy full | Huzza; Huzza *BRACKETED* | Huzza; Old England for ever | There they go, good luck go with them. Huzza; Huzza. | Huzza; Huzza. | Huzza; poor Devils, how richly they deserve their fate | Huzza ; it is a pity they were not Hang'd 7 Years ago. | Never did Rope fit better | & never was exaltation more proper | what Joy to poor old England. | Huzza; Huzza.
This Print is most Humbly Inscrib'd to by his most obedient Humble Servant James Mackdoodle
Long Minuet
Pub. by William Holland N° 50 Oxford Street April 3 1788
April 13
B------
100,000.
I would not for the world touch either
Nor I, by G--d!
Pounds, shillings, pence and farthings, I Have at my fingers end
Pounds
Shillings Pence
Delightful Slavery! A day, an hour; of such sweet bondage is worth an eternity of celestial happiness.
Who can behold without transport  OPEN>> the glass of fashion, and the mould of form, the observ'd of all observers smiling in chains!
Courage, my dear friend, you will find wonderful benefit from this bleeding
I trust entirely to your skill for my recovery
D---n the Dice! never got such a plucking in my life!
Don't be so furious, try another cast for ten thousand.
Cornwallis Correspondence
Pon my honor, mamma, I'll not attempt to run away
Memoirs of George IV
Lady Archer's three daughters have made a secession from their mother's house, and have set up a separate establishment.
Auckland Correspondence
I think this attitude will eclipse the Prince's Bow!
Admirable, my Lord! quite new too! never saw such grace and dignity in my life!
You shall find him as tender as a chicken, master
That's right, Cook, twig the rascal well, give him a Negro flagellation!
And behold he lived upon the fat of the land and was fed with good things!
Chicken Gloves
H. Greville. vid. follies of fashion
My heart, my good heart, says my Henry is true
Bravo! bravissimo! encore!!!
Queer my Sconce but thats a D------d fine Woman, now if she has got any Shiners, I've a great mind to Noose, and tip her the go by when I'm tired of her.
Coalition
This is a Dissolution
I wish many Trees may bear such Fruit
This is Sublime and Beautiful
China Warehouse
Bob. Brittle china Glass and Earthenware Shop. A savage dog leaps barking at the terrified horse, the fat woman in the gig screams, the man shouts at the horse. A detached house has a sign:  OPEN>> Probe Surgeon
A restive horse in a Gig backing into the windows of a Potters shop, alarmed at the terrific crash you become panic struck, and the perspiration starting from every pore.
A Sketch of Sir Charles
False Wigs made By the best *BRACKETED* and in the Trade!
Jemmy Wright shaves right & Powders white by day and Night.
Nok at the Dore and \\ Youle finde puf \\ Who SHaves for a peny \\ and thinks it enuf.
HeRe liVes JEMMY WRIGHT \\ SHAVES as well as any Man \\ in England. Almost - Not Quite.
A noted Wag on frolic bent Once on a time did stop Where blocks & wigs in window plac'd Bedeck'd a Barber's Shop: Thro
is Jemmy Wright at home Who keeps this Barber's Shop
No Sir, he's just Popt out
How pleasant is my dwelling place
Par Bleu Monsr Marshal we must run! a pretty piece of business we have made of it, if my Brother Nap sends for me to the congress the Divil a clean shirt have they left me! could you not try your skill at a convention again my dear Jourdan! as our friend Junot did in Portugal.
Convention! No ma foi! there is no tricking ce Lord Wellington, we have nothing to trust to but our heels, but I dont think they will save us, you need not be uneasy about a clean shirt for the congress Monsr Joe Allons donc run like de Devil! run like your Brother Nap from Russia!
Dedicated to Mrs T-d-r-, of Tenby, without permission, by her hble Sert J. C. White.
a Sketch from Heathen Mythology
the Hottentot Venus
Since golden Long my suit denie, Some other fortune now I'll try, Now Venus Barton I'll come o'eer For wealth's the Goddess I adore. Dear Venus if report says true, Your charms has claim'd the public view, Great Neptune kneels in humble state, Pray on your rump grant him a seat; There shall he ride triumphant still, And your bright gold his pocketts fill.
Ha Massa Neptune vat you Vant? Me quite up to all your Cant, For if Missi Golden Long would have you You would not come to me to sue And leave your Wife and Pickaninies To come and try to take my Guineas-
Give me the sweet delight of Love - a Catch
A smoky house, a failing trade, Six squalling brats, and a scolding jade.
£4.000.000
I'll try again! & a boy too I'll warrant!
Mine was a much finer Child! much handsomer and more like his Father.
Don't be in haste! I shall soon put you all out, my Dear Duchess assures me it will be a Boy, & you'll never have another, it's all over at your house!!!
I'm afraid we have but small chance now! our labour is all in vain.
Psalms
Complete Dog Fancier
That's right my good Sisters at it again the race is for a Crown— for my part I never had any chance, or indeed very littel indeed! so littel in comparison to a Yard.
Middlesex to Wit
The Times
Whitt . . . N° 31 Shoe La *BRACKETED* , London
Mr Raikes
Pubd
Don't be alarmed, Johnny, I only want to see whether it is Gold or Silver - you know there is a great deal of difference between Half a Crown and Ten Shillings
I must submit! - may it prove Poison to them say I
Never mind my Lord - give them rope enough, and they will hang themselves
pray help your selves Gentlemen
An't please your Maj------ty I'll have these for me & my friends
Treasury
hold Charley, that's more then comes to your Share
I'm fond of Sea fish
profil perdu
Rhetorick is of no use here! tis catch that catch can
Pay Office Clerks
Fulham
£200.000
£100.000
Parl. Hist
Memoirs
I fear they'll not leave me one poor lobster
Secretary of State
Reynard
Locke
Sidney
Magna Charta
Ackerly's Constituts
North
Dispatch for America
Impostor detected by R. Hill
Political Sophistry detected by Evans
Prim. Phys.
A Calm Address
Hymns
Primitive Physick
Political Pamphlets
Prayers
Sermons
Hymns
Primitive Physick, or an easy and natural Method of curing most Diseases
calculated to do essential injury to the health of those persons who may place confidence in it
Jacobus II
Lucy Cooper
Converted June 24 at 1 O'Clock in the Morning
an old letcher
a Lady still remembered in Covent Garden
Perfection
Scrub
New Pantomime by Bar & Co
The Horns
Real Yorkshire Stingo Wines Cordials
Sale by auction | Smithfield Market
The rat-iocinater or infallible trap
Peels Patent
Place
A certain cure for corns
never been troubles since
Fish sauce -
Ann.Chovey fishmonger
Good plain cooks.
Here we come—So help me  OPEN>> Bob
Army Estimates; Navy Estimates; Corn Bill *BRACKETED* ; Colonial Estimates; Tax
National Debt
I Have Not The Means To procure a Meal
Half Pay
Declaration of Insolvency
Claret
Well I Shall Retire to My Willa
Bankrupt Enlarged
Well how is Trade?—
I never knowed sich a Stagnation since I've been in business
By Appointment *BRACKETED* Cats Meat Depot
The Flying Dutchman
CHARGE
"There is no appeel *BRACKETED* —Shakespeare
Now Gentleme *BRACKETED* you have a view of all our principal performers at present
Faith I wou'd like to see our Dan *BRACKETED* mightily
This used to be a good performer— we may make something of him yet
Huskey Noodle
Corresponding—Society
You'l be ruin'd if you Keep on with Gold
Tho a Sovereign will sink, \\ And a pound Note will float \\ I'd sooner have a Sovereign—than a one pound Note \\ That is my way of thinking Old Grill
What care I for your Vice | Am I not Kean enough to know | He is a fool to play for nothing | who can have his price.
My Daughter - my honorable Daughter.
Monstrosities
"How are we Park'd, - amidst a herd of England's tim'rous dear- Shakspeare
Slaves in bondage.
WILBEFOR *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* . Below:  OPEN>> In full enjoyment of LIBERTY \\ Am I not a man— and a Brother
Pimlico Statu Quo
Honi Soit. . .
King's Arms
When I travel I always put on Six shirts if I want to make a change - I take one off.
Place
Increase your Stipend? Your Mind is as narrow as your Body—have more respect—recollect Sir there is a Wide difference between us
Very Pretty Very Cheap Will you Buy
Looking Glass—Published on the Ist of evry Month
1
2
3
4
5
1000 l
Downing Street
What an unlucky time to be thus Burthened but I'll holdfast even if they should Sink me
Know Villain, when such paltry slaves presume To mix in Treason, if the Plot succeeds They're thrown neglected by - but if it fails Theyre sure to die like dogs! as you shall do.
The Scourge inexorable, and the tort'ring hour, awaits thee
Charges
Falshoods
Lies
Punishments
Extinction from Society
Common Sense is or convincing Reasons for Britons turning Sans Culottes.
Ca-ira
My dear fellow be prudent—consider how the lady's character will suffer by your protection
O! never mind the Colonel's chaff—while you stick to me I shall be satisfied
I shan't have a feather to fly with
Oh, mother did you hear what the Colonel said
Vision
Gun Powder
Fee Fa Fum
Kicking-Sett
Active-Sett
Passive Sett
Mr Puff
The World - and all the great  OPEN>> which it inherit
O the days when I was young! - one pang arose! - we view'd the field - captivating - beautiful - most beautiful! - but - Bunbury - where was Harry Bunbury? - we return'd - as *BRACKETED* cent. pr cent. Citz: - Mans-mercers & Womens-mercers, were arriving, to inhale the clouded Air - Heat - Dust - Ibid - Ibidem. -
Becky
"At the German University of Leipsic, it was decreed that the Constellation called Orions Belt should hereafter be named Napoleon in Honor of that Hero. - Query - Did the Wise Men of Leipsic mean it as an honor or a reflection on the turbulent spirit of Boney,as the rising of Orion is generaly accompanied with Storms and Tempests, for which reason he has the sword in his hand.
Orions Belt
What are you about - I tell you I would rather stay where I was.
He mounts finely
I think we have now made our selves immortal
It was a sublime Idea
Orion seems to recieve him better than I expected
Resolutions of the Sages of Leipsic
President
Charité bien ordonnée commence par soimême
James
Dedicated to all Lovers of your bold, Masterly Touches, & Publish'd Novr 1st 1781 by J. Gillray, to shew the bad effect of Cobbling & Altering.  OPEN>> Fool that I was thus to Cobble my Shoe
Braves Français, combattez pour moi.
Mont St Jean
Caelum ipsum Petimus Stultitia
The Union Coffee House.
No Landing Place Here
Revolution Cutter
fifteen Ways to Plague a Parson
Shot N° 1. Tithes in Kind
Shot N° 2. Penal Laws. How to discover a Witch. No Evil Spirits to be fed with Animal Food
Shot N° 3. No Person to cut off the ears of his Majesty's Subjects No Person to cast out Devils without a Licence
Go call a Coach & let a Coach be Called,—And he who Calls the Coach, let him be the Caller—And let him Nothing call, but Coach! Coach! Coach! Oh! for a Coach, ye Gods. Certain Critics having accused HB of dealing  OPEN>> a little in the Poetic
travelled out of the Record
Coach! Coach!
A horse! A Horse! my Coronet for a Horse!
It was bad enough to be obliged to put on Court dresses, but this is worse
I'd have you bring the subject before the Honorable House
I'll walk!
G—d D—m it, can't you have patience! If you will only wait quietly for an hour or so you may stand a fair Chance of getting to your Carriage
Preliminaries
Œconomy
Reform
Office
Reform
Cleveland Row
What Rhubarb Senna or what Purgative Drug Will scower these English hence? Sc. 3 Act 5th Macbeth.
Bob Giblet Poulterer
The Martial Macaroni
Truth
Corruption
Independence Honor Magna Charta
Liberty
The Pit of Infamy
Hone
Kinnaird
Wood
Wooller
Cartwright
Thorp
Waithman
Folley
PERGERY HUNTer
Cowardice
Treachery
Blood
Government Pay
Castles
Oliver
Max
Government Pay
Hell-Borough
blue devil
Blubber
M. T. *BRACKETED* Bag
Debauchery
Gluttony
Drunkenness
Cruelty Luxury Pride Indolence Malice
Royal Favor
The Land of Misery and Oppression
The Withered Oak Englnd *BRACKETED* the Pride & Glory of the World
Victory
Starvation
Midnight Merriment, or a Nocturnal Ramble through St. Giles
A slap at slop
Oka poka banka ba bok boka
The devil's milk
The Military Adventures of / Johnny Newcome, / with an Account of his / Campaigns in the Peninsular and in / Pall Mall: with / Sketches by Rowlandson; and Notes. /...Byan Officer *BRACKETED* . / London: / Printed for Patrick Martin, 198, Oxford-Street, / . . . / 1815
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Burn's Justice
Daniel in the Lyons Den
Judgment of Solomon
Thou hast now stept into power, and th'o my opponent through life, let me give thee this Council - Trust to your own powers - give no ear to the blood-suckers of the Court or the City, they are a miscreant race and will leave thee nothing but poor Mens curses, loud and deep. Raise John Bull and his Family to their former comforts, and be to the People of England what my illustrious Father was when he closed his glorious career - Farewell, remember my Council. In his coat-pocket is a paper headed Furlow
New loan
Mortgage on the Surry Northamp *BRACKETED* Estates D° on the Cornwal D° on the . . . D° . . .
Annuitys grand to Tho: Bloodsucr. An. 100, D° 20, D° 150, D° 75 D° 100, D° 120, D° 25, D° 100, D° 150
An English Balloon *BRACKETED* 1784 When the World is all Mad, it is sure the best rule To go smooth with the current in playing the Fool  OPEN>> Tis a lesson in practice by simple John Bull O the Mad Folks of Old England &c. I wish some wise Doctor wou'd point it out plain How the Gas or Mad Merc'ry enters the Brain Then I wish he wou'd cure it, but fear it's vain O the Mad Folks of Old England &c.
Inflammable air
Histories of the Tête-à-Tête . . .
2
14
1
2
National Debt 240,000,000
Mag *BRACKETED* Cha *BRACKETED* . A paper inscribed  OPEN>> Fieldings new Peerage
3, The Thrash Bag of the Cabinet
4
India Corn
The Road to Lincoln
5
Eastern Oats for Scotch Hacks
6
Back Stairs
Prostitution
7
10
7
For the French King, a Staple Commodity of Gt Britain in return for a Pair of Lace Ruffles and 6 Fans
8
Commissary
We the Lord Mayor & Alderman, or Desert knife Madge Nicholson
One of the Rotten Members of the City of London
9
The Apostate Baggage N° 45
Mag *BRACKETED* Cha *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  and  OPEN>> Bible
10
11
Royal Filth
12
An Eastern Bulse to adorn the British Crown
13
Plans of Fortifications
14
Lean Hog
Satirist
Old Tom
East Indies
coup de main
The First Glorious Exploit of the Invincible Boulogne-Flotilla. Septr 20, 1811
*BRACKETED* on le Grand
You scoundrel how dare you run away when you were twenty seven to five I'll order the guns of the Batteries to sink every one of you.
Eh bien Mais Mon Empereur you tell us de Jack Anglais be men Mais by Gar we find dem Devils.
Ma fois *BRACKETED* take care your Majesty will be in hot water up to de chin.
Very true Monsieur Ney de devils Jack Bulls make hot water all over de vorld.
Remember Nelson
The Greeks: A Poem  OPEN>> Venu de France d'une manière inconnue;
Greek
How How continue the War
Brother How poor we are How shall we get Rich
I don't know How How we can
Cabbages Ho . . . w
Hear me O Lord for I am poor & needy
and in peace I jogg on to the Devil
The modern call
The Reverend Captain Penny less & many others half dyed and left unfinish'd 178 by .
Kings Bench
Dying in all its Branches. The worst Reds dyed Black: or any Colour be it ever so bad; Enquire at the Key and Crook, in St As . . h, & at the three Cats-Heads in He . . ford
Dernier resort
No saucy remorse Intrudes on my course, Nor impertinent notions of evil; So there  OPEN>> s Claret in store, In peace I've my Whore.
Truster's Sermons
To the Most Revd His Grace the Arch-Bishop of Canterbury.
With spear & scarlet I'm now deck'd, And sing a jolly song; But pennyless I must be wreck'd, On Limbo's rocks e'er long. But hope I spy from Bishops kind, Like Lighthouse placed high; If for to change, I heart can find, Catches, for Psalmody. My scarlet coat I then will doff, For qeue a grizzle wear; The outward man I will put off, And prim as Bawd appear. Away let Oxford Curates trudge And starve with learning great: For Bishops ne'er can wrongly judge Who've palm'd my empty pate. I. Sternhold.
Now Mr Quixote take care of your Bread Basket, for by Jasus its 5 to 4 but I'll hit you. -  OPEN>>  The other answers, smiling:  OPEN>> 6 to 4. maont. but harkee Sancho, take care of your Cannister *BRACKETED* . The other then says:  OPEN>> I'm winged D------ me I say lend us your Cravat to tie up the broken pinion.
Town Talk
Shiver my timbers if there might not be two or three others by the side of her.
God bless your Honour! remember poor Jack that serv'd at the siege of Acre with your Honor—I wish we had the Keel-hauling her.
Give her enough! She wants a mask to hide her shameless face.
I'll make her repent saying my child's not my own, or I'm not Sophy Austin.
Buy my nice Pillory Nuts! My Warm Douglas gingerbread.
Ecod I'll taste this gingerbread I think it must have a d—d quantity of gall in. & must be confounded bitter.
Fine high flavour'd rotten Eggs sixpence a hundred!
Lets have a hat full! a rotten Egg is a good antagonist to a corrupt heart.
master give us a few I'm a desperate good marksman.
Greenwich and Woolwich
So may all her Royal Highness's enemies be exhibited!
L'Adieu, from a puissant Prince to his cast-off Whiskers, on his leaving London to make an Excursion
blubber
Adieu, my dear Whiskers! dear Whiskers, adieu!
G. P. R.
Sir Archy
Poison
Townsend
Unmill'd Coin
the Westminster Election; for the Interest of Lord J. Townsd
Leak's Pills
Madrid
Moscow
Fontainebleau
Here he is Gentlemen, a Chip of the Old Block One of my own Manufactory. Here you go up up up, And then you go down down downee.
To Brentford
Compelled by the Contractors
it's all against the grain
Comanded by the Treasury
Under the Influence of the Excise
We are obliged to go aginst the grain.
Threatened by the Majestrates
I am obliged to go against my Conscience or lose my Licence
Ah! Myneer vat is de mater?
Oh Yontlemans, Yontlemans! da Unglish be playing de very diable mid us
Vat News Myneer?
Three Bullys in three distant Countries born France, Spain & Holland, would adorn; The first in Craft & Cowardice, surpased The next in Haughtiness, in both the last. Old Satans power could no further go To make a Third he join'd the former Two
Patent Bonnet Box
Lork me Lady if here an't the Captin -
Did not expect to see me I suppose, devilish handy things these Boxes - should never have got into the house any other way - knew you would be delighted to see me
Delighted - you monster I dare say you have ruin'd my Bonnet
cit
Take waring *BRACKETED* by my hapless fate, You that in health still revel, And mind and Kick, before too late Quack Doctors to the Devil.
Why the devil cant you die quietly. Had I known there would have been this fuss I'd have cut your legs off long ago.
Little does he imagine that he has a female rival.
What is to be done to put a stop to this disgraceful Business.
Take her from Warwick.
Respublica
Religion
Law
Authority
Liberty
Right
Obedience
Smith
Learn how Persevearance keeps honor bright & meanness ever Sulies! it! go Sir and leave this Chair for one Who will Fill it better!!!
For this privacy I have strong reasons! would you Loose our Contracts and the Favour of Minsters *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . A paper of  OPEN>> R *BRACKETED* tions
That they view with Sorrow & Indignation the Insidious efforts Continud to be made to alienate the affections of the people from the Goverment that they cannot remain Tranquil & Passive Spectators of these mischiefs
No Clandestine Associations no private Committees, move him out of the Chair!!!, move him off, move off, move off, move, no private Committees
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
A perpendicular jolt
An horizontal jolt
A jolt dexter
A jolt sinister
I'll carey *BRACKETED* you home to the stable Yard my Dear! where I will nurse you as tenderly as I would my own Chickens; or as Kate does her dogs; and as for John Bulls I'll *BRACKETED* natured assertions of its being a Judgment; never mind it, who cares for what he says, or what he thinks!!
Oh! you dear Angel!!
Physicians Report
Broke his Neck!
Indeed! well I'll go and see as soon as I've bound up dear Fidells pretty toe! poor dear ting, I hope you haven't hurt yourself my dear, dear Cullene!
Riga Balsam
Opodel *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Turm *BRACKETED* Cere..
Friars
Lint
Dyachy *BRACKETED* . She is surrounded by eight dogs of different breeds: one lies on a cushion suckling puppies, another fawns on the man at the door. A cupboard with an open door contains books on dogs, e.g.  OPEN>> History of Dogs
History of King Charles Breed
York
Tobit & his Dog
Lewellings Dog
Carlo the Drury Lane Roscius
The Dog of Montargis
Colour *BRACKETED* England
Begar how we did make the English run
Brest
Well Boy, do, you See anything of our New Constitution
No Measter Bull I can only see the Sun going down
Nothing else?
Yea, I can see a Nation lot of Smoke
Ha! That must be It then
What's this a sleeve? 'tis like a demi-cannon,  OPEN>> What ups and downs, carv'd like an apple tart;  OPEN>> Here's snip, and nip, and cut, and slish, and slash-
Mechanics Institution
Anderson's Institute
Council Chambers
Trades Hall
Young Willie loed my pounds and asked me for his bride,  OPEN>> For saving his Crown, he had naething else beside,  OPEN>> To mak my Pounds his ain, his Dutchess I'm to be,  OPEN>> But the Crown as weel's the pounds are baith for me.
N° 1. Dandy Loom
N° 2. Pious Curiosity
To York
Worcester
Honi Soit. . . Pence *BRACKETED* Pense
To St Albans
Strand
Fury
North Pole
Hecla
Hecla
N° 2
N° 3
Now performing by His Majesty's Servants with new tricks, Dresses, Decorations, &c. &c. &c.
vide New Poliece Bill?
Cad
oh Murther its mancipation were gettin now aney how.
Go it Bob.
John Bull the Buttock of Beef. . .
With Porter Roast Beef & Plumb Pudding well cram'd, Jack English declares that Monsr may be D------d. The Soup Meagre Frenchman such Language dont suit, So he Grins Indignation & calls him a Brute.
Sung, with unbounded Applause, by Mr. Johnstone and Mrs. Bland, in the new Musical Farce, called Hit or Miss at the Lyceum Theatre, Strand
A man wha should hae been, an English Dominie, if fortune had nae smiled on him to speak o
That will learn you how to taunt our goodmen, about their rank & education. I am sure there is nane in Newhaven sicken backbiters as ye are
Cob him weel Grizzy Flockhart! he is a pretty chap to speak o
Letters of Anglicanus *BRACKETED* Letter VI page 59 not raised in point of rank above Newhaven Fishermen
Christian Instructor January 1828. page 21.  OPEN>> Anglicanus somewhere speaks contemptuously of  OPEN>> the rank & Education of Newhaven fishermen
Constitution
Commons of England
Commons
Frenzy of the People
Sweden
The Principals that rais'd the House of Hanover
Whigism
Magna *BRACKETED* arta
Bill of Rights
Habea *BRACKETED* Corpus
Ireland
East Indies
America
Jack Robinson
Constitution
Commons
Fitzwilliams
Carlisle
Surry
Manchester
Pelham
Conway
Hertford
Townshend
Portland
Powis
Mansfield
Masham
Stormont
Marlborough
Derby
Cavendish
Spencer
Jebb
Jenkinson
Galoway
Bute
Mason
McCrief
Price
Trotman
Shelburn
Temple
Wilks 45
Muir Atkinson
Esy on Woman
You are certainly a very fortunate young man to have form'd an Alliance with a Magnificent Prince who now advises you how to act in your future state from his own Experience!! 1st Be cautious not to forsake your Wife!!! 2nd Not to addict yourself to Drunkenness!!!— and 3rd Not to associate in Evil Company such as lew'd Women &c!!!
I Am happy to think I am to be Allied to so Virtuos a Prince who's wise Councils appear to be the result of his own Experience!!
May he act well from Dictates witout *BRACKETED* any Experience!!!
Ex Officio
Tell me gentle Shepherd where
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
There Master John, we'll endeavour to furnish you with afresh Bill of fare next week
Hamburgh Mails. \\ News from Paris. \\ German Gazzettes. \\ Report \\ of secret Committe. \\ Income Tax \\ Race \\ between \\ Diamond, & \\ Hambletonian, \\ at \\ Newmarket. \\ Deliverance of Europe. \\ News from Egypt. \\ bitto *BRACKETED* \\ from Ireland. \\ Important \\ Intelligence, \\ from \\ The East Indies
Diamond
Dang it Measter - let times go how they will - I must have a bet on one of them Horses
*BRACKETED* Who's the Dupe?
Flower of Aristocracy I receive you with open arms!
Oh! let me embrace you—and the Noble Cause in which you have embarked
Hurra for Hunt & the London Union
Hurra Hurra
Three Cheers for the Marquis of Blandford & Daniel O'Connel!
Indeed Mr Bull I am quite charmed with you - there is something so easy and polite in Your manners.
Come - come Mounseer Bonney-party that's all gammon d'ye see - D------n me if I know any more about politeness than a Cow does of a new shilling!!
For shame Mr Bull - what will the Jontleman think of your Blarney about Gammon and Cows, and Bodder, and Nonsense, by St Patrick I must send You to Kilkenny to larn good breeding.
Marriage against Inclination . . .
People think that we often dine with Democritus, and there they are mistaken. There is not one of my fraternity, not even excepting the makers of Almanacks who is not welcome to some good table - As for my own part, there are two families where I am received with pleasure. I have two covers laid for me every day one at the house of a fat director of the farms to whom I have dedicated a romance, and the other at the house of a rich Citizen who has the desease of being thought to entertain wits ever) day at his table, luckily he is not very delicate in his choice and the city furnishes him with great plenty.
Mornings at Bow Street
N° 21.......
I Promise to pay to Sir Richd Fillup & Sir Jonathan Crazy, Knts / or Bearer, Ten Centimes, when the Honour of Knighthood shall be / no longer conferred on Swindling City-Tradesmen, or, Lottery Insurers, / but be the reward of Real Merit, True Valour, and Learning, Only. / London, the 16th day of August *BRACKETED* . For Self, Science, Art & Courage, / Horatio Hardbattle. / Centimes TEN / Entd Lexico Scholastic
* Knights of the wood * Such is the exaltation we deserve
When dignity's bestow'd on basest men, / The Private Station is the Post of Honor
Monster Detected
Captain . . . d Bill Sticker
take Care your feet don't get into them their holes Captain
A *BRACKETED* Song he that fights & Run away may live and fight. . . but he that fight will never ris. . .  OPEN>> . On the wall are other bills: *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> Monster Argenstien. . .  OPEN>> . *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> Escaped from a privat mad house an old lunatick. . .  OPEN>> . *BRACKETED* A print of a sheep with a bell round its neck:  OPEN>> The Surprising bell Wethe to be seen near the King bar Pimlico
Sr S. Meadows *BRACKETED* & the Public are requested to take notice, this is not the Captain Straitshanks Who was broke for Cowardice, & who afterwards Offered to Enter into the French Service not to fight against his Native Country, & who has Kept his Wife and two Children upon 13 pounds a year in Wales till the youngest child is 44 years of age, & who with one Leg in the Grave is Endeavouring to do all the Mischief he can with the other - this is not that their Captain Straitshanks
Map of the Road back to Brunswick
*BRACKETED* asury
Bill to Prevent Sedition
*BRACKETED* Bull
How high we keep it up
India Stock
Bank Stock
Credit
Dispatches
By my troth an a Man finds the Wind Against him - he has nought to do but to give a gude Puff or two an ye ken how kindly they swallow it; and now my bonny lad, we may gang down to our Seats, with gude grace and stand the wrangle
The Art of Puffing
"A whole packet of News
The Rains over - their Cloaths dried - full Bellies - in high spirits.
Great exertions - plenty of Forage - glut of Rice - Droves of Bullocks
Offer of Peace - rejected - Tippoo at point of Death - hem'd in
Tippo's People starved - Seringapatam swallowed up
Ruins
Switzerland
Batavian Republic
Italian Republique
Territories Pick-Axed with Impunity.
Great Britain
O the Pick-Axe is infinitely the best way - I soon shall be at the little fellow - that's his abode - I know it by the white Cliffs.
I hear you - burrowing away - my fine fellow, but it won't do, - as soon as you pop your head above the surface, you shall be saluted with a few of John Bull's pop guns.
Treasury Bench
Gold
Challenge
Perseverance
Confidence
Gazette Extraordinary
British Spirits from Chatham
Bitters
Southwark Bolus's
Peerage
Grecian sofas
Holland
Protocol
Gunpowder
Seeing the people were so lost to shame, He thought it easier to beget than reclaim NB. This is the first instance of an A--b--p's Lady having a Child . . . Executed at Lambeth
Peter Pindar
a brace of Sinners
Loretta
"To walk a little more at ease,  OPEN>> I took the liberty to boil my peas
The Honour of my Family
I'll marry her indeed.
I shall be a Royal Duchess
Monstrosities
the vicar and Moses
Busy Body
Apologize or fight.
Would you have me go out and be butcher'd! for merely saying he was at Coventry with the Bench!!
Sessio *BRACKETED* Bailey Octobr 1816.
Who steals my purse steals trash. . . . But he that filches from me my good name . . . *BRACKETED* .
45
An Hibernian gallanting with a married lady, hearing her unexpected husband coming up stairs, exclaimed—Oh hide me my dear dear darling, for if I'm found I shall be lost
Pensions
Subsidies
Tax
Taxation
Debt
Convention Bill
Liberty & Equality
Requisition Requisition Requisition Forc'd Loans
in
National Purse
Plenum
Olim sic erat
Anno 1805 Vacuum
Amsterdam
Saadam
A slap at slop
Vive Barrere
Ça ira ça ira
Ça ira ça ira ça ira
The Fat of the Land
As you can't get any work Johnny: you can't expect any Victuals, so we'll transport, *BRACKETED* to the Cape of Good Hope, where you'll have no occasion to Work & Victuals will run into your Mouth ready chew'd as I may say, so you'll have nothing to do but swallow it! Look at this picture Johnny it is made on purpose to give you an idea of what you may expect to be in this garden of Eden! this second Paradise!! the Land of promise describ'd by Moses, was a mere humbug to it, you'll be up to your neck in milk & honey & Strong Beer!! the Rocks are all Roast Beef & the hail-stones are plumb puddings & rain water is as strong as Gin!!—the land is all Sugar & Brandy, & the grass is all lollepops & Barley sugar & the Sticks are all Lickerish. The Bread & Milk grows upon Trees! what do you think of that Johnny?!! indeed the Milk is all cream and the Cream is all Butter, in fact you may live like a Prine *BRACKETED* & grow as fat as a hog, so the sooner you are gone the better Johnny & joy go with you! & to give you a proof of our attachment towards you, & to convince you, that we'll never leave you we'll allow you still the pleasure of paying Taxes!!
Thats right tell a good tough one while you are about it: you may as well be hung for a sheep as a lamb! D—n 'em say any thing to get rid of 'em but keep an eye on the Tribute Money, send them to H— if you like but mind they pay Taxes.
O! O! O!!! Father look at the Victuals!!!!! & see see!!! the little Boy is eating something!!!
All this be very fine palaver but I don't like leaving Old England for all that—neither do I want to grow as fat as a Prince or live like a Hog I do want nothing but food & cloathing in return for my labour, as to Good Hopes I've lived upon them long enough! but I'll go any where to save my Children from starvation!!—but D—n them that is the cause of *BRACKETED* I say—
O dear! O dear!! what wo'd my Granfather say if he were alive & could see his children driven from their Native Country by Starvation & the point of the Bayonet!
The Manchester Slaughter-men. NB This matchless picture is intended for the—Grand Drawing Room C—lt—n house
If your Children ask ye for Bread will ye give them a Bullet?!!!!!!—
Yeomanry of xxxx
"I cant therefore, contemplate ye proposed emigration to ye Cape of Good Hope as at all calculated to relieve our present distresses, Who having the Feelings of an Englishman, does not look with affection on the land of his Nativity?
Dr. Drowsey
John Bull
To Oxford
Ah Diable! Mine vil not Run! It is not Game von!
Mine cant Stand, poor thing It's quite done over!
The Race Horse
The War Horse
The Shooting Poney
The Hunter
The Gig Horse
The Draught Horse
Great Boots
I'll watch them  OPEN>> tame
Shakspeare
Vaincre ou Courir
Essence of Loyalty
The ingredients are amazingly strong Doctor!
Don't be afraid, Sir, snuff it up freely, it will soon cure you - I know your case perfectly well, it's only a few Jacobin Qualms that is the occasion of it. I was once troubled with them myself, but the essence soon cured me. I have a number of Gentlemen in the same way waiting for me in the other room.
Sure to cure, was never known to fail yet, particularly among my Friends in the Law.
Patent Medecines
Essence of Loyalty, \\ Court Sticking Plaister, \\ Pizarro Pills. \\ Anti-Jacobin Drops
Doctor, when you have done with that Gentleman I wish to have another Box of your Pizarro Pills; I found great benefit from the last dose
Wonderful great man this Doctor Pizarro - Kills or Cures I'm told - those gentlemen were Patients of mine once but could not cure them, so refractory!
Pizarro
To be Killed off
Sinecures
Treasury Pickings
Secret Service Money
Pensions
Mighty like a walk this after all
M.P.
There you see the little Hot Spit Fire Tea pot that has done all the Mischief - There you see the Old British Lion basking before the American Bon Fire whilst the French Cock is blowing up a Storm about his Ears to Destroy him and his young Welpes - there you See Miss America grasping at the Cap of Liberty - There you see The British Forces be yok'd and be cramp'd flying before the Congress Men - There you see the thirteen Stripes and Rattle-Snake exalted - There you see the Stamp'd Paper help to Make the Pot Boil - There you See &c &c &c
A List of the Committee of Secrecy, that Voted for the Suspending of the Habeas Corpus Act! - Ald. Sir W-m C-s
...Petitioners shall ever Weave
Coventry is the barometer of the World
Order Order Order
cit
cit's
Law Pa that's just as when you was drilling for the Whitechaple Volunteers— only look how Ma and I & sister Clementina does it??—
I say Mounseer Caper! don't I come it prime? Ecod I shall cut a Figor!!
Vere vell Sar, Ver Vell you vil danse a merveille vere soon!
cit's
Cyprus
Cyprian cone
The Analysis of Beauty
the line of grace
represented by a fine wire properly twisted round the elegant and varied figure of a cone
The Bathos
Treasury-Bench
Clysteria Ministeria
Emetic
Cathartic
Hedge Lane
Chick-lane
Protest
Irish Emancipation
Vanity
Disappointment
Stale Jests
Joe Miller
Stationary
Fools-Cap
Gilt Post
Wax
Pens
Wafers
Volponean Rancour
Kalpinist *BRACKETED* Subtilty
Cunning Policy
broad bottom
Catholic Loyalty
Catholic Gratitude
Envy
Ambition
Broad-Bottoms
Majesty of the People
Republicanism
Cracked Jordan
Revenge
Detraction
Avarice
Folly
Reason
Fiction
Truth
New Republican Gills
for Sailing out Rudder
No Law
No Bastille
Froth
Quassia
Conceit
G.R
Honey
How these hungry Whelps Strive for me
d, you all know when and where, And of such Arts I'm tir'd, fore God, I swear— They're not a Soldier's game—I'll pitch them from me Damme 'tis worse than playing  OPEN>> hell and Tommy
fore the nation; I'll penance do thro
who knows
Description of the New Bath Butterfly - taken from the  OPEN>> Philosophical Transactions for 1795
This Insect first crawl'd into notice from | among the Weeds & Mud on the Banks of the South Sea; & being afterwards placed in a Warm Situation by the Royal Society, was | changed by the heat of the Sun into its present form------ it is notic'd & Valued Solely on account of the beautiful Red which encircles | its Body, & the Shining Spot on its Breast; a Distinction which never fails to render Caterpillars valuable
The Co—gh Honeymoon
Ho *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , at his knee; both the latter's legs are gouty and have clumsy swathings. From the former's pocket hangs a purse:  OPEN>> Privy Purse
Pull away my boy pull away! my Rib wanted to wear mine but they would not Fit her!! hold fast M'c!!!
I will have them Granny says I must.
yes! yes! you shall have them your Granfather allways let me wear his never give up hold fast.
And that old Scratching hen of Strife That hatchd the Royal Chick to Life
by Goles they be at it they Tear them and I shall have to buy a new pair
Damn your Eyes, Don, take your Choice!
Ah Misericordia Segnor Inglese! me beg to be excused
who take the lead in all trials of consequence . . .
Ways & Means
Gifts
Perqusites
Salary's £5800
In Place. The Budget full
Out of Place. The Purse Empty
Quebec Bill
O bear me to the Paths of fair Pall Mall Safe are thy Pavements, grateful is thy Smell.  OPEN>> At distance, rolls along the gilded Coach, Nor sturdy Carmen on thy Walks encroach.
cit
Wig Department
Department of the Head
Arm Department
Department of the Body
Breeches Pocket Department
Fob Department
Right Leg Division
Left Leg Division
He really will make a pretty addition to my Departments, - he cuts out extreemly well indeed.
Harkee Young one, you have forgotten the Fist Department, and if you don't take away your d-d compasses, I'll give you a relish of it, cut me out Indeed, why I'll fight you with one hand tied behind me
Licenced To Sell Game
Buy buy, buy,— buy, buy, buy, Now Gentlemen what do you please to have? Partridges, Pheasants, Hares—All sorts of Game
These are the New Game Huxters,— See how the fellows grin at us.—Is'n't it melancholy
I hope they don't mean to make Game of us
Russian Loan
Treaty of 1815
Your Imperial Majesty has trampled upon Poland, Your Imperial Majesty has mock'd at our influences, Your Imperial Majesty has laugh'd at our threats, Your Imperial Majesty has spat upon us; and for all this we consent to pay your Imperial Majesty's Debts!!!
I shan't pay myne share John Bull is von dam fool von very dam fool
verliehrt auf der Heimreise von der Leipziger Messe alles
Carolus Magnus
Alte Garde
Junge Garde
Poland
Rhein Bund
Hanstat *BRACKETED* Departement
Sewitszerla *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* ,  OPEN>> Holland
Italy
Brabant
Bheisufer
Maynz
Locke on the human Understanding
The Harmonic Society
------This sword of Justice take; And as thy Father us'd it, so do thou Thy King and Country, now, await thy strength, To crush the vipers that would ruin both. God save great George your King,
Long may he live and reign,
God save your King.
Though I am ignorant in the ways of men, I yet can boast a heart, as free from guilt As any be, who e'er did wield this sword; And whilst a sinew nerv'st this arm of mine, Or whilst my veins run full with Chathams blood, I'll save my Country, and my King with truth; And thus I take it - to support them both.
Harmonic Society
oh damn Pitt's limbs and eyes
O Nick, Nick, now arise
O hear our call
Take him, and  OPEN>> s politicks
That he mayn't see our tricks
Give him infernal kicks
Or we must fall
We'll ne'er get credit more If we've no place in store To fee a dun What will the People say When we are out of play And cant our Tradesmen pay O, we're undone. The members are requested to bring as many Friends as possible.
How can this poor Woman whose income is but fifteen shillings a week, with a Family to support pay you one pound four for Tithes My Lord Bishop?
By Fasting and Prayer
I've flung the Loggerhead Inkstand at his Loggerhead If he had'nt bob'd & miss'd it, I'd kill'd him stone dead
Should this Loggerhead but hit him it will knock him down flat If this Loggerhead meets his Loggerhead, he's as dead as a Rat.
New Post-office Bill
Pshaw! Pshaw!!
Order Order
I promise ye upon my Honour that I always was & will be a friend to the Geese
pray accept of a Gosling
Fox is the guardian of the Geese
Fox for ever
O Noble Fox
cit
Boys and Girls come out to play The Moon does shine as bright as Day, Come with a hoop, come with a call, Come with a good will, or not at all,
The Real Young Roscius
The Glasgow Roscius
The little Siddons
The Infant Billington
The Dublin new Roscius
The little Orpheus
Men are but Children of a larger Growth
Anti-Jacobin Review
le Tableau Parlant
Anarchy
Blasph *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  and  OPEN>> Parracide
Stew it well - It cannot be Overdone for you and me
Irish Stew I A Favourite Disk for French Palates
Liberty of being Stewed
Equality - all to be stewed en Masse
Map of Ireland
Tallien
Barras
Le Paux
United Irishmen
Poor Erin How thourt torn to pieces by these five Harpies.
What your own A. O Connor too!
So much for Republicani *BRACKETED* and glorious Independence! No Money! No Lawyer.
By St Patrick a complete Catholic Emancipation.
I now howl in Vain - We are all gone to Pot
Brother John *BRACKETED* would not have treated us so -
My Merits with the Republic should have saved me, but I find we must all stew together
A Radical Reform by Jasus
The Ton: Anecdotes, Chit-Chat, Hints and On Dits; Dedicated to all the Gossips. By the Author of The Greeks, the Pigeons, Fashion, Modern Belles, Modern Beaux. To Night, Dress and Address, Life, High and Low, &c . . . London: Printed for J. J. Stockdale, No. 41, Pall Mall. 1819.
chapeau-bras
Taxes
make way there for the Minister Take Care of your Pockets
what a bit of a thing it is
Paid for
The London Modest Ladies once hoop petticoats wou'd Wear But now forsooth they are not Dress'd unless their B-s Bare
Nasty Custom to wear hankercheifs
Rochesters Poems
Ovid's Art of Love
Aristotles Master Peice
Woman of Pleasure
Female Flagelents
for Young Ladies
A Choice Colection for the Young Lady's
She Stinks like a Pole Cat
Grace is in all her steps A Blast in her Eye in every Gesture Dignity and Love.
To the Pump Room
Laura Place
I say my fine fellow—pick up my handkerchief!—the rascally Tailor has made my riding belt *BRACKETED* so very tight I cannot stoop for it—I'll give you some coin next time I see you little man.
"My Spouse is Remarkable Tastey in his Dress, & he likes to see me So
Champion of the People
Friends & Fellow Citizens I cannot find words to express my feelings to you upon this Victory
May all public Deserters feel public Resentment
Chealsea Hospital
Tax on Maid Servants
Out of Place
In Place
As he will be
The Country's will our guide / The Country's good our end
In the teeth of a vile and profligate court
I Mile to Perdition
No Prolixity B------ke. Here's no procrastination
Now we'll show the Mahratta's something Sublime and beautiful
That which hath made them drunk, hath made me bold
To Popularity
A whimsical Ballad. - As sung by Mr. Moody, Mr. Suett, and Mr. R. Palmer.
Then, to preserve both ship and men, Into a boat they forced him; The boat sunk down in a flame of fire, Which made the sailors all admire
The Sale by Auction, A Dream
a prime minister
A duke, a gambler, a privy-counsellor and a skeleton!
Letters of Junius
Letters
the miraculous Br------w himself alias Cream-coloured Tommy
the cream-coloured parasite
Memoirs
Pimp to Lord Barrington
Mason's Satires
Mungo
the Cub
for all people seem to be of opinion,  OPEN>> That a Macaroni is worth nothing
The Jews and Macaroni's are at war: The Jews prevail, and thund'ring from the stocks They seize, they bind, they circumcise C------s F------.
Heroic Epistles
The Chiefs of the Maccaronis became known beyond the limits of their fantastic Dominion by their excessive Gaming.
Satirical Poems
Sir Gibby
preside in our cabinets and lead kings as they list
Corr. of George III
18
2
59
Covent Garden Magazine
A curious Anecdote of Lord G------, . . .
County Gaol
Back Stair
Treasury
S * * * * thou on my right hand until I have made thine Enemies thy Footstool
Resoluti *BRACKETED* of Parlm
Resolution of ye Commons
Commons Resolution
Commons Address
Lord Chatham
Secret Influence
The fate of Publick Spirit and the stink Of that corrupted Cause whose secret pow'r Brought * * * * *BRACKETED* into the State, and all his mob With loss of Honours 'till one greater man Regain them and restore the public trust. Sing Patriot Muse!------------Milt
Captain do you view the whole Garrison
Only the Breast work & cover'd way
Bliss - it he goes all lengths to pleasure me
Lord my lady I believe the Captain wants to be in the watering place
lately discovered at Maidstone, by Sr Cuckeldome Worse-Sly, Fellow of the Society of Antiqueereones
Populus
Liberias
Knowledge is Power
Ye mun knaw - I have got into a little wee scrape, - and as ye knaw you and I ganarally rowd in the same boat - I want to ask your advice.
Dont implicate me I request - I that am compleatly Imacculate. Except laying a few trifling Taxes on Income, Births, Marriages, Burials, Houses, Windows, Tea, Coffee, Wine, Horses, Dogs, Carriages, Wills, Agreements, Servants, Hats, Receipts, News-Papers, Letters - Bricks, Tiles, Pepper, Salt, Cyder, Perry, Malt, Hops, - and such like iconsiderable things - , I dont think I ever did a paw - paw - action in all my Life. - however I'll endeavour to procure you absolution, for old acquaintance sake
Revelation
crew
Have fram'd, | a Resolution, | Swearing to  OPEN>> overthrow
Liberty
Commissn to America
£6,000 pr Annum
Commercl Negotiator to France
Liberty
NB every Man has his Price Sr Robt Walpole's Politicks
Two Patriots *BRACKETED* And both alike have gain'd the Public scorn, This to America did much pretend, The other was to Ireland a Friend, Yet Sword, or Oratory, would not do, As each had different Plans in Veiw, America lost! Arnold, & Alass! To loose our Eden now is come to pass
Vagrant Act
cit
bugle-horn
List of Tax's
OLD PRICES No Italian private Boxes No Pigeon Holes NO CATALANI
Ladies & Gentlemen, here I am ever ready to obey your commands—Have I not turn'd a deaf ear to your wishes—Have I not ordered the Performers to go on with their Business, & pay no more attetion *BRACKETED* to your disapprobation, then if you were not in the House—Have I not heard the public voice unequivocally express'd in this house, & in the public prints, & with all this on my mind do I not now, finding that neither Fire, Water, Theif Takers, nor the Riot act will silence you, Most respectfully appear before you to ask What is it you Want?
What—after Twenty five years experience, to know no better than to insult your Old Friend John Bull by asking him such a question—Can't you read old Prices, &c that stare you full in the face?—How dare you order Traps Squallini *BRACKETED* , or Engine-Pipes into my presence. Be it known unto you *BRACKETED* that the Mighty & Magnamious John Bull will by means of his Horns &c, compel you to bow your stiff neck and acknowledge him your Lord & Master
La Constitution De France
Chamber of Deputies
Elective Franchise
Liberty of the Press
Le Charte
French National Brav *BRACKETED* And Heroism
Let come what way!! this Crown I must secure; towards establishing a good Sovereign in France
Oh, that I had prepared for this great fall? now flight alone can save me.—
Friend Polly-nac you have taken a wrong Position
voila la Baniere *BRACKETED* De la Liberté
Vive la Liberté
"I am glad to see you my Dear Tom, but you must excuse me asking you in this Morning - I've a particular Quiz with me: an Old Colonel & he hates Strangers.
O
Ich Dien
Abjure thy Country and thy parents And I will give thee dominion over Many powers. Better to rule in hell than Serve on Earth
Preceptor
Not Satan to the Ear of Eve Did e'er such pious Counsel give. Milton
I myself entered Russia, the Russian armies could not stand before our armies. The French arms were constantly victorious.—— ------"a swarm of Tartars turned their —— parricidal hands against the finest provinces of that vast Empire which they had been called to defend.——  OPEN>> But the excessive and premature rigour of the winter brought down a heavy calamity upon my army—— in a few nights I saw every thing change.——  OPEN>> the misfortunes produced by rigour of hoar frosts, have been made apparent in all their extent, —— I experienced great losses—they would have broken my heart, if under such circumstances I could have been accessible to any other sentiments than those of the interest,—the glory,—and the future prosperity of my people.—  OPEN>> I have signed with the Pope a Concordat, which terminates all the diffirences *BRACKETED* that unfortunately had arisen in the Church.—The French dynasty—reigns,— and will reign in Spain.—I am satisfied with all my allies.—I will abandon none of them.—The Russians shall return into their frightful climate *BRACKETED* .
and I will strain my utmost nerve to reach it
for tho' Im small, Im right good stuff
and I've a tongue could wheedle with the devil
Parody on Johnson.
As sung with unbounded Applause by Mr. Fawcett, Mr. Taylor, &c.
Masteri
Then come my love TO TIHS
Now my boys halloo away. - vil frighten Mr Bull out of his wits, we vil make him quake like the Dutch, the Italian, the Swiss and the rest of our Friends.
Och it is your own pratty figure it is, Master Bonny, d'ye think that Pat was to be blarney  OPEN>> d by such Scare Crows, no - no - Bother, the time is gone by, Pat's Eyes are wide open & look ye, if you d'ont immediately Jump into the Sea to save your lives, I will shovel you all there to save mine.
Man Traps & Spring Guns Beware
I have read many crabbed things in the course of my time - but this for an easy piece of Business is the toughest to understand I ever met with.
"Cease rude Boreas blustering railer, Trust your Fortunes care to me.
Tax upon Income a Plain Short and easy description of the Different Clauses in the Income Tax so as to Render it familiar to the Meanest Capacity. Clause 1st, Clause 2d
NB for a further explanation see Clause 701
NB this Clause will be better understood by reading clause 2053
NB this clause has no connection with clause 9075
see Clause 999
Journal
Day Book
Ledger
The sweet little Cherub that sits up aloft to keep watch for the Life *BRACKETED* Purse of poor Jack.
Bad luck to the Ford!
I will instruct my sorrows to be Proud for Grief is Proud and makes his owner STOUT
Wllpon *BRACKETED* my life she finds, although I cannot / Myself to be a marvellous proper man, / I'll be at charges for a looking Glass / And entertain a Score or two of Tailors / To studdy Fashions to adorn my body!! / Shakspeare
Tell me my Heart, can this be Forde!!!!
But vain are all his hopes of reposing upon Down; / A form which nature in mistake created for a clown, /  OPEN>> The County
General and Commander in Chief of the Continental Army in America
A slap at slop
His Mark
I wish to be heard as my evidence will impeach her Testimony
You mention that his Royal Highness did not comprehend my proposal—it was to raise a Battallion for / general & Unlimited service, do submit the plan to his Royal Highness.—Always very truly Yours H M Claverrig *BRACKETED* , can you receive me in Boots / Novr 11 1804 /  OPEN>> The purport of this is to thank you for your attempt to serve /  OPEN>> me, can you so contrive that we shall meet—Yours very truly H. M. Clavering—do inform me / if any new Regiments are to be raised.— Examined. I did not understand the meaning of the word / communication, I thought it meant Conversation only—"I did not think she possessed any influence over / the Commander in Chief—Why did you then apply to her to use her influence & to obtain information, you could not / obtain elsewhere
G.R.
honor
gain
Kings Bench
half pay
subsistence
The Royal Captain's rewards for serving the King
Shawls
a Bulse
£40,000
Silks Muslins Nankeens &c.
Fine Military Gun powder Tea
Cups Ta *BRACKETED* Chamber, &c.
Otto o *BRACKETED* Roses
Custom house Oath
India Comp Affidavit
Captn Lions rewards for serving the Crown
Ca ira
Go it
Dam the Rotterdamers! Dam the Amsterdamers! neither Breakfast nor Breeches obtained - and no more pickings in Belgia, but my Rear in danger of being pickt by the Imperial Eagle.
Go it - Master's limbs are on full Stretch its the Devil take the hindmost - this is running in the Old French Style
The Palace of John Bull, Contrasted with the Poor  OPEN>> House that Jack Built
Holy Bible
Magna Charta
Bill of Rights
Habeas Corpus
First see the fair Scales of Justice suspended, Shall a Feather outweigh what Britons defended? The Sceptre and Crown,—and bless'd inspired Word; Our Laws of renown,—and Justices
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Compartment Ist.
Compt 2d Woodward Del. IC Sculp
cits
London Pleasure Gardens
I Promise to pay the Bearer on Demand the Sum of Three-Pence at Mr Rhubarbs.....Value receiv'd 19th April 1794
3 Denarii
Salve from One Guinea pr Box to Five Guineas
No 190
Absentees
England's sweet after all
There's no place like home
Absentees
Stock
French Stock
Charter
Oh, fool that I was to be thus misled and no hopes of assistance from any foreign power
1792
Grasp all, lose all
Debt 800,000000 Taxes Corruption
They call that a civil war do they, now for my part I call it a d—d uncivil one,—I never approved of Charley and his Cabinet, neithe *BRACKETED* shall they have any sort of a lift from me
My Lord Duke! behold, the long expected crisis has arrived, but the people are triumphant, and our schemes are frustrated—you are an advocate for our cause, and we look for your long promised assistance
Dear Polignac! I sincerely regret you and your Royal Master's Misfortune—but as for expecting assistance from us. You must have seriously laboured under a very alarming mistake—for I am not master here now
N
His Imperial Highness Prince Louis-Buonaparte Marbœuf - High Constable of the Empire
The Three Imperial Graces, viz. Thier Imp. Highs Princess Borghese *BRACKETED* , Princess. Louis *BRACKETED* & Princess Joseph-Bonaparte
Madame Talleyrand *BRACKETED* . The child goose-steps arrogantly, holding out a sceptre in his left hand. He is dressed much like his father, but with the addition of a ribbon and star. Mme Talleyrand wears a feathered coronet and an enormous nosegay; she holds a fan on which is a goat. This, and her patched face, indicate her dissolute past. Slightly behind her, and on her right., hobbles  OPEN>> Talleyrand-Perigord. - Prime Minister & King at Arms bearing the Emperor's Geneology.
cheese-cutter
Buone Butcher
Buone Cuckold
Napoleone Emperor
Hang'd
Allons Enfans . . . Patrie
His Holiness Pope Pius VII - conducted by his old Faithful Friend: - Cardinal Fesch, offering the Incense.
Les Addresses des Municipalities de Paris
Les Adorations des Badauds
Les Eloges des Courtisans
Les Homage des Scelerets
Les Homages des Canailles
Les Admiration des Fous
Les Congratulations des Grenouilles
les Humilitè des Poltrons.
His Imperial Majesty Napoleone ye Ist & the Empress Josephine
Ladies of Honor, *BRACKETED* - Train Bearers to ye Empress
Puissant Continental-Powers, Train-Bearers to the Emperor
patriots
Bertheir, Bernadotte, Augerou, - & all the brave Train of Republican-Generals, marching in the Procession.
Senator Fouché, Intendant General of ye Police, bearing the Sword of Justice.
"Garde d'Honneur
Temple
Arsenic
Opium
redeunt Satania regna, \\ Jam. nova progenies cœlo demittitur alto!
N
SPQN
Un Dieu Un Napoleon
N
Napoleone Ist
Le Soliel *BRACKETED* dela Constitution
S A N G
Treasury Bucket
Seau de la Grande Nation
Ordedrs *BRACKETED* in Council
Deputation from Birmingham
Berlin and Milan Decrees *BRACKETED* Napoleon
ah ha!! me sing Old Rose and burn de bellows.
British Licences
Perceive-alls Patent
The Rose had been wash'd by a Show'r to the tune of Death & the Lady.
To Manchester
To Paris
You shall neither have Mouse Traps nor Razors.
Resolutions of Congres
You shall have no Grain.
Alarming state of the times—
Your Grace You Intend giving a Dinner on monday—Mind it will be the last you ever shall give—
The duece it will
Right weighed against Oppression
Perogative
Mire of Opposition
To preserve Justice, Villainy must fall
Government Security
Rights, Charters & Privileges.
Sovreign protection
Laws defence
Possession of Property
Love of Power
North
Influence & Oppression
This is the most dirty fall, I ever had
I am fallen, never to rise again.
Logegin \\ Weak Is | Weak Is \\ Weak Is |
Lofty Projects to be submitted to the Managers T R C *BRACKETED* Garden by the Auther of Love in . . .
Her Counters are always five Guinea Peices
D—n de English Taylor, he not know how to handle de yard like de foreigner!
A List of Foreign Tailors recommended by Prince Esther Crazy to work for the R—t!
A Goose!
"To waste your time before a Glass / Exposes oft a monstrous Ass!
I begin to think that I'm a marvellous proper Man!  OPEN>> I'll have my Chambers hung with looking Glass And entertain a score or two of Tailors To study fashions to adorn my Body—
********—don't tell him I said it!!—
No Silk gowns, no french curls and I'll have you all wear aprons
Oh! my Sleeves a la Sontag My curls a la Paris; talk of Mr P—l *BRACKETED* ; heres a sacrifice for Place
Oh! laukes oh! dear vot vil Mr Harry say to me this figer
Yorkshire pudding
This I think will strengthen
Ah! its a bitter draught
Expediency
popular measure
THE TWA DOGS
Treaty of London
Belgium
Holland
I'll tell you what Mynheer Vanjamtrimtramterelerelette I shant go in the same leash with you any longer
I'll be D—d if you dont tho!!
Acknowledge this King of the French! it really makes me weep, after all our endeavours to prop the good old system of Absolute Governments, the ingratitude of the people is really deplorable. Had our old friend Castlereagh been living we'd have had another try for it
Ah! It's a bitter pill Metternich
Review
National
Brussels, Spain, Den *BRACKETED* , Portugal, Russia, Italy, Britai *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Against the table-cloth, in front of the design, is a large Habsburg eagle. One of many attacks on the foreign policy of Castlereagh *BRACKETED* as reactionary, cf. *BRACKETED* No. 12614. For revolu-tions in Europe cf. Nos. 16237, 16282, &c, 16300, 16317, 16535. MADRID - A PEEP AT THE PETTICOAT-MAKER &c &c *BRACKETED* After the title:  OPEN>> "Black whit & grey with all their! trumpery
Temporize temporize Grant some concessions until You have luld *BRACKETED* them into security then kill kill kill kill
The footstool of a King is the neck of His People
The Church on a Rock And The Nation Under It
The Right Divine To Govern Wrong
Pyrenees
Liberty, Vive La Liberty
Plan to Restore The Most Holy Inquisition
List of Proscrip . .  OPEN>> . Behind him a masked execu¬tioner waits with his axe. Page 3. ADVERTISEMENTS *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> To be sold, the estate of ROTTEN DOWN
Two cottages rather delapidated a Paddock & a Pig-sty, Lowest price 250000—N8 returns two Members to P——t
Stirling sthomac *BRACKETED* pills
To Scavengers. Rubbish to be cleared off—
A Popes Bull
Infallible
Passive Obedience
Right Divine
Lost £12000 per annum medical practice
Quack Quack
Lotion
whoever will restore the same to Mr St Jn L-g shall recieve the benifit of His advice
Wanted Every where—
A Lord or giver of Loaves!—
I vote for the Corn Law's. See No. 12503, &c. *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> An Earl an Elder a wise old man!!!
A Duke or Leader
Devil take the hindmost
Brunswick
His Highness
His Lowness
SEE LINCOLN HERALD
One respectable Farmer was deteced *BRACKETED* marching off with a Bottle of Port in each pocket as  OPEN>> Black game
Beef and Wine
c'est drôle
I hope you'll exchuse vapouring the other day, had You been a beggely *BRACKETED* Patriot indeed—But a King & Duke—Oh L—d!! what shall I do wher shall I go for You
Mr Jones. You'll make haste to my poor woman doctor— Oh! bless me I've forgot my purse & no nurse will come without a coach so late. Doctor. Oh never mind here's half a crown. NB he never saw his 2s 6d nor found the patient
Brighton Guardian
I'd leave the wreatch to his fate hopeing the judgements of the Lord & the indignation of men would soon overtake him
Oh! your Reverenc *BRACKETED* is too charitable
Vel now I shall surely serve the Pavillion
Friend William will send me a good order now I think
Pitch
Go for to injure the town He is as bad as a picpockit
The selfish fools insult Me by supposing I feel such trifles
Chamber of Deputies  OPEN>>  Many petitions were presented for reestablishing the law of Divorce according to the will of the parties
Ee what's that
But cant pay for 'em
have you any good oysters I have'nt tasted a good oyster this season.  OPEN>> I have some fine Colchesters here Sir
This must be Dando or the Devil!!!
I've gained the victory, but I have bled confoundedly
Regulations; New Police
Petition To His Majesty Against The New Police
D°
Ingrates
trial
the Speech
A hunter for profit, and sleeves of lawn, . . . Who a Patriot accus'd of the base attempt To bring our religion and laws in contempt
Priest, beware thy beard; I mean to tug it, and to cuff you soundly.  OPEN>> Shakespeare
Well, Doctor, do you think it is in your power to make a cure?
If yo'll cure the Bishop of another disorder that he's gotten, I con cure him o this with the help o God. But you must doctor him for three or four hours, as I hear the hounds, and damn me I wouldn't lose a good hunt for all the Bishops in the kingdom.
Yellow Filly
* Vide: a d...  OPEN>> d good Cocoa-Tree Pun
Do you not think I am like the King of Prusia. or do you perceive I go lame.
A great resemblence Nor can I observe you go the least lame
St. Stephen's
Pay to my Order on Demand five Millions for Bouncing. P. To John Bull
Open to future Insult
Art of preventing War
Convention Drops
Lord Lieutenancy &c &c
Sinecures; Masteray *BRACKETED* of Hope &c &c
Good things to be disposed of under the Rose
Legal Porcupine
We shall have warm work I suppose, tho' we have acted so very pretty
stuttering Billy
Dam 'em they are worse than the Spaniards
Bear
Country Gentlemen
Patriotic Packhorse
Long Speech
Argument
Satire
Wit
My Constituents are dearer to me than ever *BRACKETED* He walks behind a fox with the head of Fox and a goose with the *BRACKETED* head of Hood; they are tied together with a ribbon inscribed  OPEN>> Election Coalition
I burn to throw a light on this Secret business
Impeachment and liberty Pro or Con.
Imp-
Controul
Oriental Defence
Indian Magpie
I'll chatter away
I'll not carry for nothing
A Pension is a pretty thing
I hope to get my expences even to a Biscuit
Cot pless the Citizens
A Golden Calf
He'll want help
A Moon Calf
Something Snug may be had
Civet Cat
Sir R------W-----
I got but a Shilling for my Horns
Aye or No say I
A Hare
African Sloth
I should like a good place
Camelion J° in Air
Had I lost I had cried in earnest
Legal Crow
A Rook
He may be hard run
a Blackbird
I sing about Billy P------t the Tory
A Martin
Happy are the Chosen, they shall be Saved harmless - and Blessed are the King's appointed, they shall partake of the Good Things of the Land - but Woe to those that thawrt his Rulers - till they turn to that which seemeth good
Is it for this I have grunted.
This is the curse of confidence
Oh ye false Men of Kent
O save a Chick a biddy, now, now
I've got the Golden-pippens
Proceedings at the Yorkshire Meeting
C. Wardle
There goes his ------ Honor!!
from Holland
Truth
A Caution
N° 225 Blank
N° 2560 Prize
Blank
Lottery No . .
New Song for the New Lottery
Lottery 20 000
To the Public
The Grand State Lottery Begins Drawg To Morrow.
Now or Never! To Morrow
All the Capital Prizes in the Wheel Fortune Smile
Ticket *BRACKETED* & Share *BRACKETED* are selling by Blank& C°
Meeting of the Bible Society
Oh Lord, this Rebel son of mine pays me no homage whathever.
bugaboo
Buonaparte
Egad they run well courez donc Messrs Les Princes!!!
push on
keep moving
Wont you stop and take your change
vive la libertee
Run Frederick, run Charles. Mack. Wurmser, Kell, well done D'Alvinzi now Davidovich.
Frederick
I wish I was at York come on Charles follow me
Republican Oil
Citizen Pluto's Plan for raising a fog, Wind, or Hurricane at Pleasure, to annoy the Ennemy. Decreed.
When our Admiral wants to Show fight he is always lost in a Fog.
Oh Lord, when I get to Torbay How folks will gape and Stare, Are you come back? The Lord knows How. And been? the Lord Knows where!!!
300£ Reward Lost in a Fog.
Torbay
Concession
Agitation
Stonyhurst Maynooth
Catholic Peers, Cath. Commons
Keep them yourself friend; they would betray me.
Cath. Assocn
Obliged to swim back
Arthur's gone to hell, and I'm going to Hanover.
Saddle Bags for the Spaniards
All found with Arms to be Shot
Thum Screws for the Rebels
No Liberty to a Spaniard
French News
The Road to Fortune
Proclamation
Joseph King of Spain
No Quarter
Bless me what a restive Animal this is I thought he would have been as gentle as a French Poney - and was as easily managed as an Italian Greyhound.
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
some honorable F.A.S.
A Poetical Epistle, from Brother John in England, to Brother Pat in Ireland *BRACKETED* .—To the Copper-Gilt Fringe of Mr. Pitt's old Mantle *BRACKETED* —to the Brazen Projects and Gilt Pockets of his Admirers—to the Manufacturers and Consumers of Gilt Gingerbread. . . . this View, peculiarly befitting, and forming a Counterpart to his  OPEN>> Bomb Uncovered
Royal Sovereign
having been newly copper-bottomed and entirely new  OPEN>> gilt
Champion
Red Halter
bishop
I'll have thee or perish in the attempt, for my ambition knows no bounds
Spare me this time and you shall have Coals in future without duty
All your Great grandfather's *BRACKETED* Whores are waiting dinner for you
Bl-st my eyes I'll have a knock at it
Junius has lamed me, or I'd have a knock at it too.
You will be elected Regent in our Dominions, Nem-con
A Review of the Conduct of the Prince of W *BRACKETED* in his various . . . Eight Edition
The Patriots Review of Mr Jeffreys . . .
Diamond New pointed
A Vindication of H.R.H. the Prince of Wales
Strictures on the Conduct of Mr N Jeffreys
Diamond Cut Diamond
A Letter to N. Jeffreys
Antidote to Poison
Catholic Union
Hampshire Hog
J. Clarke Breeches Maker . . .
Gulielmus Rex
avast heaving
ha ha ha
England
Four Foes to old England have Wickedly Join'd To run with old England Away Old Neptune declares it is not to his mind And Brittania cries Stay you fools Stay You may tug, & may tug, & strive all that you can And put your selves into great pain While Freedom & Honour is fixt on our Plan You will find it all Labour in Vain
cit
*BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* illy
Liturgy
Calvin
Whiggism
Journal
"The contest began whilst my Father was shewing him his collection of Medals
therefore I suppress what would, I dare say, make an interesting scene in this dramatick sketch.
Thoughts on a Restricted Regency
And now the dear Creatures appear, As if for Hot Action inclin'd Sir, With Breast- Work projecting in Front, And extended Bum Batteries behind Sir. vide Paddy OBrien
Your  OPEN>> present
curse
worship
Port
Times
Obadiah
We will govern like Wellington!
L'Arbre de Liberté
Emblême de l'Arbre de Connoissance
Pomme d'or
Politique Rusée d'une Grande Nation
A L'Empereur. \\ Si Voire Majesté, se jettant dans nos Bras. - Repousse l'or Anglais, et les Secours des Russes, \\ Nous l'en consolerons, en lui jurant Tout Bas; D'ecraser avec lui - le Grand Turc et les Prusses! Au Roi de Prusse. \\ Le fils de Notre Ami - de nous auroit il peur? Les Directeurs français ne veulent que Son Bien, \\ Un jour, n'en doutez pas - Vous serez Empereur! Oui - Vous serez Cesar! peut-être plus; ou *BRACKETED* Plus Rien! \\ A L'Angleterre. \\ Ennemie de la France - implacable Albion! Ton Or sera la Proie, de la Grande Nation. \\ A la sublime Porte. \\ Nous sommes Musulmans, a Mahomet fidels; Et du Nom de Chretiens, - ennemis éternels! \\ Aux Autres Souverains et Peuples de la Terre. \\ Nous pensons à vous tous! Chacun aura son Tour! \\ Oui! chaque Etat, doit sentir - Le Prix de notre Amour!
Sardinia Neaples Rome
Venise Modene Savoye
Flandres Hollande Allemagne
Corsica Malte Egypte
Milan Genes Swisse
Haine eternel! contre tous les Rois!!!
Le Quintuple Auto-democratisme, ou Demo-Autocratisme!
Qu'est ce qu'un Roi, compare a un Citoyen Francais? Vide le Discours de St Just à la Convention, Avril 1794
Bravo Citoyens Bravo!
Guerre! Guerre! Guerre
L'Universalité de l'Anarchie \\ Majeste Suprême ou \\ Souverainté du Peuple \\ Vive la Republique \\ Vivent les Revolutions
5
Roi de Paris
Ministre de la Marine
Ministre de l'Enterieur
Ministre de l'Exterieur
Ministre de Finance
Ministre de Police
200
500
Passage à I'ordre du jour sur la misere du Peuple sur les Reclamations des Opprimes
Audience Publique à tous les Vagabonds Revolutionaires
Conspirations Complots Marseillois Carmagnoles
Grosse Artilery
Guilotine
Devein *BRACKETED* Droit Sacré de I'homme! Eloquence! Persuasion Conviction
Propaganda - Universalité de l'Anarchie
Jacobinisme
Terreurrisme
Agents-Secrets Agioteurs
Anarchistes
Assassins honores
Atheistes
Brigands Couronnes
Colporteurs
Commissaires
Citoyens Actifs
Conspirateurs
Coupetetes
Defenseurs
Democrates Egorgeurs-brevetés
Factionnaires
Fourrageurs
Fournisseurs
Girondistes
Intriguans
Juges Jureurs
La Lanterne
Marseillois
Montagnards
Muscadins
Orleanistes
Assignats
Mandats
Emprunts-Forcés
Contributions
Oh mon Cousin Louis, pardonnez mes Forfaits
Je suis Mort le Ir Avril je descendis dans l'Enfer où l'Eloquence ne fait rien
En Renoncant a mon Dieu, je suis devenu Monstre! - ...
*BRACKETED* Onze Licurgus de Paris; Firent un Ouvrage Metaphysique, \\ Ils saccoucherent d'une Souris; Qui rongera la Republique: \\ Les Assignats déja mangés, \\ Elle ronge encore pour badiner, \\ L'Archives des Milliards des Decrets!
Raoul Barbe-Bleu
Coalition des grandes Hommes Contre les petits Princes Touiours Deunis
Monument
Dedicated to Posterity
No-Popery
All the Prisoners to the amount of 300 were released this Night
Toilette Scene
A slap at slop
This shall do you justice
The Intripid Fox
He'll tip them his jaw
He Will Make Me an East India Governor
And I'm to be A Captain
Sam House
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Noble and Polite Hearers
Modest Prints
Burn's Justice
Wat Tyler—
Life of W Walworth Lord Mayor of London
a treatise on Steam Engines—
Universal Suffrage
Fire! Fire! Murder!!! Curse these Radicals they'll frighten me to Death by G—d!—O Lord! O Lord! we shall all be Murder  OPEN>> d & Burnt to death in our beds by G—d! I see Ten thousand bloody daggers & fire brands by G—d! Help! Help!! more Engines, more water! or we are all gone by G—d!—Devil burn the Villians,! by G—d they'll set the Thames on fire,!! & then how shall we be able to make water to put this d—d great fire out?!! Oh Lord our  OPEN>> God arise scatter our enemies
Confound their Politics, frustrate their knavish tricks—I'm kept in continual Hot Water by the rascals by G—d!! God bless the King & Save the crier Fire!! Fire! Fire!!
No Mr Bull I'll have no more 37 its too Strong for me and makes me Sneese I intend now to discard it & take once again to Princes Mixture.
Vansi *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  projects from his coat-pocket. He wears pantaloons and Hessian boots. John Bull is hideous, with carbuncled nose, and spikes of hair projecting from under an ill-fitting wig; he wears over-sleeves and an apron, and holds a small scoop; an open snuff-box lies on the counter. He says:  OPEN>> Why really Sir I am sorey I cannot serve you I have been in such a bustle about this new mixture of 37 that I have Turn'd the Princes Mixture up side down and its all run out.
37
Princes Mixture
A Pleasant Mixture of 37 Just arrived from Sl Stephenss
Last Dieing Speach of the Property Tax
H. Bible
Sidney on G. *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , surmounted by the  OPEN>> Cap of Liberty
K. Menassah
II Kings Ch. xxi, Danl Chap. iv.
Mene Mene Tekel Uphasin
pull North
pull Bute
pull Mansfield
pull Devil
H. Bible
And he filled the Land with Blood
He that formed the Eye shall he not see us
And Sodomites were in the Land.
Though Knaves & Fools combine how light the Scale, But Truth & Liberty shall still prevail.
Address to the Electors on Lord Ell *BRACKETED* Charge to the Ju *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . By the point of his sword lies a paper:  OPEN>> Captures &c. El-Gamo. 2 Spanish Frigates. Via in Basque Roads, Thanks & Freedom of ye City Votes for West *BRACKETED* Thanks of *BRACKETED* House
Expulsion from t *BRACKETED* Hou *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . There is an appropriate background to each part of the design: on the left the seashore with a man-of-war at anchor flying the tricolour and an ensign, to show that she is a prize. On the right the high wall of the King's Bench Prison, with its frieze of spikes, as in No. 12523. This is inscribed  OPEN>> Elenh *BRACKETED* Walk
Dedicated without permission to all whom it may concern or please by their obedt Servt R. Bothstdes
Definitions from Euclid. Def: Ist B: 4th. A Sphere, is a Figure bounded by a Convex surface; it is the most perfect of all forms; its Properties are generated from its Centre; and it possesses a larger Area than any other Figure. - Def: 2d B: Ist A Plane, is a perfectly even & regular Surface, it is the most Simple of all Figures ; it has neither the Properties of Length or of Breadth ; and when applied ever so closely to a Sphere, can only touch its Superficies, without being able to enter it - Vide. Euclid, illustrated; by the Honble Mrs Circumference
Scourge
Mammon
Here's your reward —he who humbugs best gets the most—Write away my boys—lie as fast as you write, and you shall be paid as fast as you lie.
Courier
Glorious News, the allies at Paris Bonaparte killed! let each Street rejoice! I shall sell eleven thousand to day!
Courier
Bellona
Indian Juggler
The Times
Vetus Letter xxxix
xx letter .... Vetus, &c.
Even from your lifeless Image I catch such inspiration, that I dare the world to match you with an equal.
Scourge
unpaid checks
The Times are so d—d hard. I I *BRACKETED* wish his Lordshis *BRACKETED* checks were saleable—but the Corsican Ruffian shall be hunted down if I never get a penny for them.
The Times
Morning Post
A Prime Minister
Our never sufficiently-to-be-admired-Premier,—has shewn a moderation, which the miseably *BRACKETED* degraded minds of certain would-be-clever-politicians cannot comprehend—.
Britain's Adonis
List of British Beauties
"my blushing honors are thick upon me
Essay on Adulation
Works
Morn *BRACKETED* ald
Mammon
The Imperial Fugitive
Monthly Magazine Vol. xii
Review
My own Works
My Pocket Book
The low scurrility which venal hirelings vent upon the truly great Hero, who sways the sceptre of France is the disgrace of the Times, but while there is a Napoleon *BRACKETED* to be seen I'll praise him.
Yes! Yes! so I say; but if matters go on as they have done it will be well if we get tizzies *BRACKETED* for nappies there will be plenty of Statesmen to sell but no buyers.
Red Book Knight
My Register
Statesmen to sell—Aye and Patriots too—D—n my eyes if there is one uncorrupt man among them but Sir Frank—and bl—st me if I found him out till he bought a double set of my Register—
History of the Porcupine
Week
Reform
Dead Wigs
Thy former fame, thy hapless fortune, and thy present ruin, dear lamented wigs *BRACKETED* , be it my office to Chronicle with fidelity.
Pax
Le Gazetier Cuirassé
Memoire dune Fille Publique
*BRACKETED* — Tune—"we be three poor Mariners
Gentlemen, this is a honor I have not sought but if it is your wish, I will conscientiously discharge my Office!
Gentlemen tho ill health obliges me to decline the honor you have a second time intended me, yet I feel happy it will fall to one who has already shewn so much zeal, perseverance & Humanity.
Lord Mayor 2221
Coombe 2032
Smith 950
*BRACKETED* ins 8
Goo *BRACKETED* re 5
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Stock
Lloyds Evening
Wigs
Wigs
The Sun of the French Constitution
Arms of France
Atheism
Desolation
Rosseau
Voltaire
Tom Paine
And God made Buonapartè, and rested from his labours
Vide French Bishops Address to the First Consul 1803
Gallic Fraternity. \\ - Spain, Inchain'd - \\ - Holland, Plunder'd, - \\ - Switzerland, Ruin'd; - \\ - Italy, Destroy'd. - \\ France, in Slavery.
Invasion - Plunder \\ And Destruction.
Death is an eternal Sleep
Ave Maria
Toussaint
French Worthies
Robespierre
Marat
Fouché
Buonaparte
Talleyrand
Cambaceres
Barras Massena
Reubell
Rapp
Mengaud
Lepaux
Thibaudeau
Boisy *BRACKETED* d'Anglas
Sieyès
Barrere
Tallien
Carnot
Lannes
Jambon
St André
Menou
Junot
There Sal, I can boast of what none of the Bitches of Billinsgate can, having kissed the Kings Emperor of all the Russian Bears, & he is the sweetest modestest mildest Gentleman I ever Kissed in all my life.
Dang it when I goes back & tells The folks in our Village of this, Law how they will envy I, ha ha!
Gloria Mundi, or—The Devil addressing the Sun
Alexander
Fredk William
Francis
William 1st of Orange
Wellington
Blucher
Hill
Beresford
Anglesea
To thee I call— / But with no friendly voice, & add / thy name—G—P—Rt!. to tell thee / how I hate thy beams, that bring to / my remembrance from what state / I fell &c.
Dere mine Frow, dere is de best part of a Yarmany Man, dot is vat de Yarmany Ladies love so veil!!
O dear me it is the longest and the thickest I ever saw, do let me taste it.
There's for you! —I told him you liked a good thing as well as your Father, its all scented, perfumed, curry'd & spiced, but you must not take too much of it at a time, you'll find it very hot.
Confucius
Life in Paris
Now you lying Varlets you shall see how a plain Tale will put you down!
1st Plate. Father kept the sign of the Jolly-Farmer at Farnham— I was his Pot-Boy and thought an ornament to the profession,—at Seven Years Old my natural genius began to expand, and display'd itself in a taste for Plunder and oppression!—I robbed Orchards,—set Father's Bull-Dog at the Cats,— quarelled with all the Poor-Boys, and beat all the little Girls of the Town,—to the great admiration of the inhabitants:—who prophecied that my talents *BRACKETED* would one day elevate me to a Post in some publick-situation—Vide—My own Memoirs in the Political Register of 1809.
Jolly Farmer
The Olde Jolly Farmer of Farnham—Gaffer Cobbett
Goode Entertainment for Man and Beaste
Cock Fighte—Farnham—Old Cobbett Feeder
Bulse
Omnis
Justice
Perversion
Manhood
Childhood
To Secretary of S------
To Tom Fool
I'll wait on you Gentlemen I knows what it is to Sarve
for here I go up up up & there you go down down downe
Aye Aye Moses, you and I have seen many tips & downs in this world, never mind we will have a Pitcher of Strong Beer & a Sheeps fry for Supper.
I wish any of us could reaa or write
if I could I might now Get in for the Borough
posts
Constitution
Founded on a Rock
Habeas Corpus
Representation
Free Press
Vox Populi Vox Dei
The Lightining *BRACKETED* of my father
Ld of the Admiralty
Encrease your navy. *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* , in general's uniform with a drawn sword, on a post inscribed  OPEN>> of all the *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  Forces is saying  OPEN>> The Cloven tongued crew
Pay Master
Œconomy
Pay the Taxes by Œconomy
Secretery *BRACKETED* of State, says, An infamous administration
*BRACKETED* ter of the Ordnance
They have Sapped the Constitution
Treasury Bench
Bid them go to Hell to Hell they go
All hope is Over
I'd promote the Devil for money
Taxes, Soap, Beer
beat in the War of Posts
we have passed the Rubicon
An English Sec . . . An Irish Sec . . . .a Scotch Sec. . . .  OPEN>>  The three Secretaries of State in the outgoing Ministry were Lord Stormont, a Scot and a nephew of Lord Mansfield, Lord Hillsborough, an Irish peer, and Lord George Germain *BRACKETED* . As a pendant to this a stout man *BRACKETED* stripped to the waist stands in a pillory, while another man scourges him. This is inscribed  OPEN>> Thirteen Stripes
A Fellow of Maudlin
Cinque Ports
Sir, my master will come for you presently
Among the simple ones I discern'd a Young Man void of understanding. Proverbs Chap 7th Verse 7
Freedom
Laws of England
Magna Charter
Iohn Bull
Prosecution of Paper for Libeling *BRACKETED* ment
You can't come in here! No Editor here I assure You dont know the Man! never saw him in my Life! met a Man Yesterday something like him! What do You think I'd turn Informer, Never read a Paper but when there's bloody News from France, Never any body here but from Manchester or Margate *BRACKETED* - No Conspirators here No No No if You dont believe me read the Courier
Mem. to Skreen my Friend at the expence of my Character
Parliamentary Oath to deliver up all Traitor *BRACKETED* to make known any *BRACKETED* onspiracy again *BRACKETED* the State or his Ma *BRACKETED* Person . . Swear nev *BRACKETED* . . .  OPEN>> . Close beside him sits the editor *BRACKETED* , interrupted in the act of writing, as he turns to gape with alarm at the opening door. By the door is a placard, its right margin cut off by the edge of the design:  OPEN>> Rules to be Obser *BRACKETED* in this Printing Offic *BRACKETED* all Spy's and Infor *BRACKETED* to be kept at a prope *BRACKETED* distanc. viz Outside the door------all Scandalous Paragraphs to be faithfully copied by the Compositor wethe agai *BRACKETED* Government or Others
Buonaparte
Essay to Prove the Defence of a Traitor no Treason
Correspondence with the Convention
Correspondence with Manchester
Courier
Paragraphs &c against Government
Private and Family Transactions
French Puffs and Gasconades
The Worlb
E.I.C
G.R
Golconda
affair of honour
La Voila Mon Chancellier who will treat with yow - my affair be with de Duc Your Master
Go traitor, & let your Conscience give you Courage
Indeed I will never do the same thing again
was it not for my post I'd separate his treacherous head from his body
Peace! Peace!! Peace!!!
Deceit, Vanity, Jacobinism, New Morality *BRACKETED* , Envy
profil perdu
Effusion of Loyalty
There's a Stroke for you, Messmate! and, if you kick him back, I'll return him again, dam'me! - if I should be sent on a cruise to Moorfields *BRACKETED* , for it! - go it, Coz: OPEN>>  Temple, a stout country gentleman, scarcely caricatured, wearing a stiff round hat, prepares to return the stroke vigorously, left fist clenched; he says:  OPEN>> Send him back? - yes, I'll send him back Twenty Thousand times, before such a high flying Jacobin-Shuttlecock shall pearch *BRACKETED* it here, in his Clerical band.
St Steevens
The Church for Ever, *BRACKETED* dem *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Sheridan and Fox only are characterized. The alehouse is a primitive thatched building with the chequers sign. On it are two placards:  OPEN>> The Old Sarum Electors
The House of Call for Independent Members
List of Candidates for Old Sarum, J. H. Tooke, Black Dick *BRACKETED* , Thelwall
Rake's Progress
Black Joke
Macies et nova febrium
Pandora
Fashionable Cypriad
"Non vanae redeat Sanguis imagini,  OPEN>> Quant virgd semel horridd  OPEN>> Nigro compulerit Mercurius gregi.
English Subsidies
This additional weight will sink me.
You're a pretty fellow for ye Duke Dangloueme! Why dont you shew a proper spirit as I do—or youll never get a Crown or an heir to it!!
Call me Talleyrand or Firebrand or what you will I am the greatest and most Eloquent Humbug in Europe— the Vicar of Bray was an Ass compared to me!!—
that fellow has jockied us! both.
my dear Richalieu you must rule France by dividing the People as I did when in Ireland.
Bastile
cit
Turkey Tobbacco
Lucy's Delight Handell Water Piece
a Duett Prestissimo
Dumb Flute
Eating, Drinking and Sleeping, with the generality of People the three important Articles of Life
Plan of the New Improvement of the Cattle Market in Smithfield
Sheep Penns
Swine Market
Division for Horned Cattle
Cow Penns
Wapping Docks
This honest Man being of greater Consequence in his own Thoughts, than in the Eye of the World, had for some Years past, kept a Journal of his Life—Videlisset *BRACKETED* Monday Eight O Clock—I put on my Clothes, Washed Hands and face—Nine O Clock—Tied my knee Strings, put on my double soaled Shoes Took a Walk to Islington. One O Clock took a Luncheon between Two and Three—Return'd, dined on a Knuckle of Veal and Bacon—Three—Nap as usual—Four to Six Walked in the Fields. Wind S.S.E. —from Six to Ten—went to the Club was half an hour before any body else came— Ten at Night Went to Bed Slept without Waking till Nine next Morning— Tuesday Wenesday Thursday Friday S. S. little or no Variation—
Genuine Speech, 12th Feby. 1829.  OPEN>> Gentlemen—I am an older man than any of you, permit me therefore to give you this advice:—never allow yourselves to be too much elevated or depressed by trifles
The Newington Auto da Fe;—or quite pleased with their Subject, although, noxii generis
"Quickly and gaily, they pull'd him on high.
lay porter
Humanity
Duenna
Impeachment
Account of expences attending a Trial. . . Esqr.
We ask no more than is needfull, and so little have we had, that we are almost starved
It's false; you feast and Gormandize, whilst we are wasting
Pleasure
Treasury Warrants
Middlet *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Impey
Holt
Ben
Profus *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Oeconomy
Decided either way Poor John is sure to pay.
Private Defence
Public Prosecution
John Bull. Paymaster
Good Entertainment Tuesdays, Wednesdays & Thursdays
Address'd to those Peaceable Subjects of this Kingdom who prefer the Present happy Constitution to that Anarchy & Bloodshed so Zealously sought for by these restless advocates for Priestly & Paine's Sophistical Tenets.
Under these Garbs do we act.
a bandelure
Windsor and Eton exp . . .
How happy could I be with either
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Antwerp
L P
Why Mynheer Bull! you and I used to be excellent friends related in language, pursuits & religion! what queer sort of disguise is this I see you in trimmed out in a Frenchmans Jacket! I pity you my old friends but if you set one foot on my grounds it isn't pity shall stop me from knocking your revolutionary cockade down your Throat
I tell you I've no stomach for this fight, what good will it do me? Why should I quarrell with my old friends to please my old Enemies? Back out as I will I fear that old Grey Broom will do me
Poussez votre Majestie! this fellow be so weighed down by his debt, dat I cannot make him stir. Pousse Brother my August Father will pay for the use of your Broom- and take all de trouble off your hands by & by
Vivent les braves Belges Vive Grey Vive Louis
Scheldt
The Election Ball
The King's Arms Tavern
Coulson
Air Oh dear what can the matter be
A slap at slop
The people of Britain possess the power to return an independent parliament if they will but exert it, think of that my noble pot-walloper
Never mind Him I'll give you something to put in your pot
"In some parts of England the elective franchise is held by every man that wallops, or boils a pot in a tenement & hence a pot-walloper is a parliamentary and legal Term.
Damme Charly dont leave me in the Lurch
Self preservation is the First Law in Nature
Push of Push of Charly
Push of
There is great delay in our negotiation comeing to a conclusion, and I understand our People are very uneasy least you should be Humbugging us - Your fleet having sail'd has given cause for many conjectures, and to tell you the truth it puzzles me a little to know what your intention is.
I have to tell you Sir - that I do not chuse to give you the information you seem to wish for, and wether I sign or not is of little consequence to the Republican government - our fleet I am in hopes will pick up something
My Guardian Angel—my Protector, do not desert me in the hour of Danger.
Poh! Poh! you cannot expect to reign for ever, besides I want you at home to teach some of the young imps wickedness.
Paris
List of Murders and Robberies and various other crime *BRACKETED* committed by the .... *BRACKETED* leon
A slap at slop
To Brentford
Victualled by subscription of the Nobility
Russel and Fox
Stop One Moment
Corresponding Society
Millers
H. Tooke
Stolen
Monster
Thelwall
50 Pounds Reward
Govr Wall
Burdett No Bastile
G. Jones
To Blind People
Fraud
Felony
Murder
The Green Man from Dublin
Russel and Fox
Mean time on every p-ss-g Post Paste we this Recreant's name So that each passer by may read And p-ss against the same. Old Ballad
When Joe Surface was thrown on his back Billy Bustle you chose for a Model Of Honor and Worth - but, alack! There's not one dram of Sense in his Noddle.
For a Fox has stolen your Goose.
Gagging Bill
Budget
Tax's
Sinecure
Pension
Place
—"And the land stank—so numerous was the fry.
Opposition Grey-Hound
O'Conner's list of Secret Traitors
Destruction of Buonaparte - Capture of the French Navy - End of the Irish Rebellion - Voluntary Associations - Europe Arming - Britannia Ruling the Waves
Read o'er This! - And after this! - And then to Breakfast, with what appetite you may!!!
Loyalty of the Irish Nation
Homage to the French Con *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Between them is squeezed the hat of C. Fox, indicating that between them they have left little room for their leader. Erskine, the egotist *BRACKETED* , eats  OPEN>> my own Loyalty
French lib *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; Nicholls,  OPEN>> a Letter to W Pitt
Egalité
Peace or Ruin
<<CLOSE - -----courageous Chief!)  OPEN>> The first in Flight!
Scourge
The Prince Regent and the Opposition
The Noble Adulterer
Ancient Music Part first
Hiss sss . . . Hisssss . . off off Hiss Hissss—No Catalani . . Hiss ss . . Off No Catalani.
Hiss not de Talent & de innoshensh!
Honi soit
Curacoa
Privy Purse
Widows Friend
Leading Strings
L. Howe
Well: since you have got rid of your Old Friends Howe do you like your New Ones? *BRACKETED* .
Not at all. D—N them! Not at all!!!!
Friends indeed! you will always meet with a warm friend in Hertford.
Behold the gracious Quean of Love.
I I I I meme
Am I not a Man and a Br *BRACKETED* .
The Book
Bidlake's Poems
Sermon on Drunkeness Sunday next
That comes Home to him,
march to Paris
Walchren
C—lt—m *BRACKETED* House Sunday—1812 Apology to Lord Lauderdale. My Lord I ask pardon.
Leading Strings
Eastern Star
Lady Raffels Rout
Bulls Purse
Curacoa
Description of the Print
presented to all the unbiassed Electors of Great Britain, *BRACKETED* by John Horne Tooke
"Which two of them will you chuse \\  OPEN>> to hang up inyour Cabinets; \\  OPEN>> the Pitts, or the Foxes? - \\  OPEN>> Where, on your Conscience, \\  OPEN>> should the other two be hanged?
Deceit
Truth
Sketches of Patriotic Views - a Pension, a Mouth Stopper a Place.
Unaccounted Millions
Rewards of a Grateful Nation
Studies from French Masters
From Robertspierre, from Tallien, from Marat
3d Sept *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , see BMSat 8122. *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> A Sketch for an English Directory
Mr Chamberlain Wilkes ci-devant
Wilkes & Liberty
The Effect in this Picture to be copied as exact as possible
Shadow of the Abbe Seyes
view of the Windmill at Wimbleton
Divinity
Politicks
Treason
Atheism
just publish'd The Art of Political Painting, extracted from the works of the most celebrated Jacobin Professors - Pro bono publico.
Machiavel
Parsonage of Brentford
Brewmans list
You would not give five Shillings to hear me sing would not you! you unfeeling being! - but I'll make you suffer for it.
Will none of you relieve me from this Termagant?
I've kissed & I've prattled with fifty Grand dames And changed them as oft do ye see, But of all the Grand Mammys that dance on the Steine The widow of Jersey give me &c &c.
6000 Pr An
Was it for this Paltry Consideration I sacrificed my - my - my - ? for this only I submitted to to - to - oh shame for ever on my ruin'd Greatness!!!
Solomon
and Solomon had 300 Wives and 700 Concubines
R F
Royal Hunt
Ich Ich
Wig
Torey
John Bull
Consider Johnny it is not for myself I beg but for a Great Family your Charity!
Hay! Hay! a large Family a very large Family. John.
What would you strip me you unconcinable fellow! why you wont leave me a bed to lye on! consider the hard Times Billy! nothing stirring Starvation is the order of the day!!!
The Flat melts a little more gammon Billy theres an Abraham Newland *BRACKETED* peeping out already.
I shall be in a Pretty Pickle *BRACKETED* if I get none of your charity
When you are in suspicious company Johny Keep your Hands in your Pockets
BLACK WHITE AND GREY
or Joseph viewed under different lights
Radicalism
Whigism
You once admired our Greek Church
Ah but then I was not King of Belgium
ON STANLY ON
Mother Church
Agitation
No Tithes Paid Here
Audacious Catif soon shall my victorious arm humble you with the dust then shall you pay the due Tithes of obedience to that peerless one whose name I bear upon my shield
Stop! stop good Sir Knight, fight with something else than that Mill, or you'll get a milling
This is Protocoling
* Oh! here's my Candles come at last well I thought I should recover them
* Spoken in his sleep
Each *BRACKETED* Man in his time plays many parts
O save me save poor Liberty Metternich & the Prussians after despoiling and starving, now threaten me Death itself
Hence Mischievous Wretch I Perfectly agree with all they propose
Vox Populi Vox Dei
Liberty
Union
Prescription
Should I be suspected of mediating *BRACKETED* any thing against your August Godesship I should be unworthy the honor of Kissing as I now do the awful tip of your sublime toe
PLEDGES. It is expedient that the Members of the next Parliament be bound Neck and Heels that they may riot desert their duty place a Padlock on their lips to prevent them speaking but as their Constituents please tie their hands that they may do no good, Blind their eyes that they may see no evil in ministers and stop their ears that they may be impervious to all Argument
I must admire said Col. S—t—p the Politeness of Lord A—t—p he never interrupts my Speech he never Coughs! The reason is obvious. No man Coughs when he yawns
Talk of Measures, I have been aquainted *BRACKETED* with many Measures more to my Mind
Niver shall the Pisantry of Ireland submit to laws, &c.
I never saw a blackerpeice of work
I never can see any occasion to pay
When may it please Your Imperial Majesty that your faithful Slaves shall march to attack and devour the British Possessions. Every devoted Bear when he heard of your sublime Majesty being called Miscreant and above all a barbarian, felt the deepest Indignation and became roaring for his Prey
My right trusty & well beloved General I wait but to see how many Millions of Money the fools will give me, before I declare war against them
Map of India
with the unique accompaniment of Tar Barrels blazing in all directions
Think of the poor suffering Affrican called a Slave unpossess'd of any of the rights & privileges that you enjoy, while you sit under the vine of your Reform Bill and the fig-tree of your Magna Chart—He knows nothing of such blessings
free
What must an industrious and honest man starve in a Country like this
Yes unless I draw a Cart harness'd like a beast and get fed by the Parish
A, ah picaninny you eat yam yam you belly full?—him beauty Lilla
Ess Sambo he berry like you
Slavery!!!
Reports
Electioneering Circular; Horrible Punishment; British Outrage; Anti-Slavery Reports
Tax
Rep: Bat
Traité sur la Reconaissance
Tinct. Univer.
R. P M: Mere
Jeremiah
laccolade des frêres liberateurs
Sweet Robenet your Eyes Jet your Teeth are lilly White your Cheeks are Roses Lips are Poses and your Nose is Wonderous Bright
Ha! Ha! Ha! Poor Charly
Shave with Ease & Expedetion for one Penny
his Man, Hopping Talley, mixing up the Dough
Bavaria
Wirtembg *BRACKETED* , and  OPEN>> Baden
New-French Oven for Imperial Gingerbread
Fuel
Ash-hole for broken Gingerbread
Corsican Besom of Destruction
Venice
Spain
Italy
Liberty
Holland
Switzerland
Netherlands
Austria
vive le Republique Francois
True Corsican Kinglings for Home Consumption & Exportation
Hot Spiced Gingerbread! all hot - come who dips in my luckey bag
Principality
Pension
Dukedom
Kings & Queens
Crowns & Sceptres
Suns & Moons
Little Dough Viceroys, intended for the next new Batch!
Political Kneading Trough
Hungary
Poland
Turkey
Hanover
Prussia
King
Commons
Lords
Why, you cold-blooded dolt, can nothing move you? I say you shall be in a rage - I am in a rage. Damme, you shall go to war; now what say you?
I say nothing - you know John, I dare not contradict you.
tell him they will open the Scheldt, and he shall fight Dam him.
Damn me if I make submission !
Then Dem me if I fight you!
Order, Order, order
I think some concession necessary
O fie Gentlemen, dont talk of the morning
Pray make it up, do pray
Proxy to attend during Prayers for Sir J------J------
A whole Assembly could not make up a Quarrel between the Lacedemonian Orator, and a Knight of St. Patrick, till the latter thought of an if, as, if you had said so elsewhere, then I had done so and so; and they shook hands, and swore Brothers - your if is the only peace-maker - much virtue in if - Parody from As you like it - See the Debates of last Friday - Subsequent Apology
America
France
Spain
Holland
Behold the Ministerial foul Fish Float in Political Bowl Dish, Drove at the Pleasure of the Tide, Assail'd by Foes on ev'ry Side. Alas, Old England, must you Fail And for such Miscreants turn Tail America Insults the Nation And says a Fig for your Taxation. France, Spain & Holland, Join the Cry And Drive them to their Destiny, While Scotland pleas'd at all their Deeds Upon Old Englands Vitals Feeds
Reform
Fairy
I'll make you Remember Picking the peoples Pockets, Damn you, why dont you Say your Prayers -  OPEN>> . Pitt, very thin and grotesquely caricatured, lies on his back in the pond, kicking and screaming; he cries:  OPEN>> for heavens Sake have pity on a poor Unfortunate Man.
Poor fellow . . . *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . On the extreme left stands John Bull, full face; he touches Fox on the shoulder with his right hand, saying,  OPEN>> Finish him Charley, or he will finish us before he has done with us, Poor Johnny is Almost Strip  OPEN>> d Naked, by him and his Crew Already
Huzza Huzza Drown him at once & then we shall get Rid of a Curse
In love connubial, formed to live and last, This gift records a blissful twelvemonth past We claim, then boldly claim the flitch Dunmow First of the blest, who keep the marriag Vow
G.R
G.R
A Suprising Hone for smoothing the rugged edge of Legal Oppression—Ut Prosim—
Pray may I be allowed to S—it?
NO,O O O O O O . . .
Not S—t!!
Oh Loh!!!
O Loh!!
Society of the Poor Mans Friend
The Beggar Girl—Pity, kind Gentlemen friends of Humanity
You certainly cut a very pretty figure—You told me that you'd been us'd to drive the Sovereign—so I gave you a trial
Vy yes, your honor, and so I had— and I dont give in now from want of pluck—but I was fairly thrown out of my seat, d'ye see—so I must give it up
None but the brave deserve the fair!
"She swore in faith,  OPEN>> twas passing strange
And I lov'd her that she did pity them!
Post House
production
Messieurs quelle Conduite me faite *BRACKETED* vous.
Celle que vous Méritez.
Now you Villain I'II tell you to your face-and before my dear Friend Boney - You are no child of the Kings. - So you may shut up shop.
Madam I know all your tricks, and all the tricks of your prince of the peace.
I wish they would let me be at peace.
Brother dont mind her, we the Infants acknowledge you.
Am not I the great Zavallos - will you be silent.
I wish they would let a poor old King play quietly on his fiddle.
I'll tell you what if you make such a Riot at my Table - I'll be d - d if I dont send you all to the round House.
the Living Skeleton
living dead man
Death upon the pale horse
Protocols
W R
D—n the Scheldt—how Dirty my Flag is getting— I can hardly hold it up
We have sought the Intervention of these English to some effect by telling them that their Honour is concern'd. You see they will do any Dirty Job for you!
You and I have outwitted our  OPEN>> Well beloved Cousin
Royal Address of Cadwallader-ap-Tudor ap-Edwards ap-Vaughan, Water-King of Southwark, Sovereign of the Scented streams, . . . Protector of the Confederation of the *BRACKETED* Rhine, . . . *BRACKETED* , To His Subjects of the Borough.
Source of the Southwark Water Works
My People of Southwark!
Give us Clean Water!
Give us pure water!
We shall all have the Cholera
What torrents of filth come from that Walbrook Sewer!!
Sewer! why there are 130 such!
Oh! never mind any nastiness goes down here in the Borough!
What do they drink that!
"Tell it not in Gath
Prodigious!
3 Cranes Wharf
March of Cleanliness!!
Devilish thick!
Yes, here I stick
It makes me Sick
Southwark Water Works
Horse Shoe Alley
Time Mid-day. Tide, Low Water at London Bridge
Hail long-expected days That Thames's glory to the stars shall raise! Pope
Morbus
second-hand
patience and strength of mind
Imperial Crown
Brimstone
Purgatif
Itch Salve
State Paper
Life & Adventures of Robinson Cruso
A | New Throne For a New Emperor; | or, an old sinner brought to the Stool of Repentance— | A Dialogue between one of his Admirers & John Bull, on his being laid up with a Cutaneous or Skin Disorder  OPEN>> So! your poor Friend Nap Boney is Kick'd from his Throne, And must sit on a Stool close at Elba alone ? He is not poor, said Nic, he's got fat & grown flabby.
He has also said John, got the Itch, or grown scabby. For, not e'en his wife will consent to go nigh him And all his Old Mamelukes flout & defy him Perhaps thou, in pity, will lift up his latch, And rub him with Brimstone, or help him to scratch Pray go—: & take with thee the birds of thy feather And all catch the Itch, or grow scabby together. B.
Jos. or the Father of Murder. Rapine &c
Whitbread Entire
Trot on my dear Friend be carfull do not blunder those monsters watch us so closely they will devour me if you let me fall.
Set with confidence Harry dona be afraid mon I will carry you safe.
a safe Pass, indemnified.
Stores
M
Navy Chest
cork rump
Wil. . . *BRACKETED* riso Princ .... Araus Na ...
F. W: \\ com: Nassov. \\ Obiit \\ Anno . . \\.
Princ: Araus
C'est ainsi qu'en Frise les amis de la liberté ont détruit jusqu'à la mémoire de leurs anciens tyrans. . . .
Leviticus
Abdication of Nap . .
Bourbon
Elba
Tell the Lads of Paris—I have taken two thousand of the D—d Cossack's, and am going to transport them to the Island of Elba!!!
Mais Sire! Ces Diables des Cossak's your prisoners—take the liberty of the Master and wont let you tell de lie any more!—
Come! Come! push on the Lads of Paris are not to be hum'd any longer!—
Aye! stop till we lodge you in El-bay *BRACKETED* and then you and the old one may try which can lie fastest.
"Boasters are naturally falsifiers, and the /  OPEN>> people of all others, that put their shams the worst together.—L'Estrange's Fables
The Chronologist. N° 3
Union
Confusion to all rotten boroughs and borough mongers. May we live to see and bless the day When we've neither armies to dread nor taxes to pay
Man of Brass. Birmingham Union
Reform
Farewell, a long farewell to all my greatness!
Protest
Corruption
The Rival Candidates Farce
Duke and no Duke Play
Biog. Dram
Reform
Adress of the Female Reform *BRACKETED* —of Blackburn July 5th 1819
"Muster Chairman & Brother—will you accept this token of our Love & by placing it on the head of your pole *BRACKETED* Banner you will confer a Obligation on us—& will you read the adress which I holds in my hand, to the meeting, it embraces every thing we want, & my apologise *BRACKETED* for our putting on the breeches; and entreats you, & every man in England, to stand up & come forward & join the general Union, that by a determined Constitutional resistance to our oppressors we may obtain the Great end
The presentation of the Cap of Liberty was accompanied by a short emphatic speech delivered by Mrs Kitchen
"we swear to instill into the minds of our children, a deep rooted abhorrence of all civil or religious government like the present
we are some of the right sort my lads!
If they von't grant us Libeties vhy d—me ve'll take 'em.
The Female St George over coming the Monster Corruption
God bless the Women!
Bless the whole of them
Huzza! Petticoat government for ever.
Oh! my eyes this is a glorious sight!—Huzza—
I think it is high time some of the Ladies should think about Reform.
"Liberty or Death
The Misers
s
Originals
the Misers
Oui l'on peut sans esprit tromper l'Aristocrat à Mittau, le Ministeriel à Londres, et le Jacobin à Paris
Je volerai
Jai volé, je vole
Truth
Monstre tu ne Voleras plus.
a vendre tout ce quils Valent
Proclamations
Plands *BRACKETED* de Campagnes
instructions aux Jacobins
Baras mon Maitre
semper Eadem
Victimes
Tel est mon Plaisir
Titres de mon Pere je ne vous verai plus
Titre de Comte
Brevet de Colonel &c &c
Guineas
C'est mon fort
D.C.
In Private Rehearsal The Alchymist Doll Common by Mrs Jo *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . She says  OPEN>> Oh Gemini! is that gay, fine thing me if it is and the Glass be true, I am no less than my Lady Dutchess!
Nelly! Nelly come here and Play your Part! Oh! how purely she does it!
The Duke Man of War
Neptune Sporting in the River Jordan. NB. The above River is not at present Fordable
Settlement Articles of Agreement Provided for by John Bull
Thames
Quack! Quack! Quack
Walcheren
Flushing
Middleburg
Behold the Great Munchausen! the Prodigy of Valor safe returned!! bringing with him an Island hanging like a Mill-stone about his neck!!!—Rejoice! Rejoice! my worthy Master!! Order the Park & Tower Bulldogs to roar like Thunder!! and a general Illumination to take place throughout the Kingdom!!!!
Is that worth Five Millions of Money? I sent you to bring me the Fleet, or to destroy it, the blow should have been struck at once, & then the Object of my Grand Expedition would have been accomplished; but you were playing at Chess, or dreaming about it, till the Opportunity was lost. D------me, I dont like your conduct Munchausen, you have no heart, or if you have one, it must lie in your breeches.!!
We cou'd have done it, & we wou'd have done it, but we were Obliged to wait for orders, from the Land Lubbers
Aye Aye so we could, as sure as a Gun but we wanted an Abercombie *BRACKETED* ! a Moore! or Wellesley with us!!
Chatham
Medway
Great Munchausen with one hundred Thousand Men Sailed to flushing, & then flew back again.
Modern Belles. Dedicated to all the Beaux. By the Author of the Greeks, . . . *BRACKETED* Sixth Edition . . . London Printed for J. J. Stockdale, No. 41, Pall-Mall
Treasury
Now Reynard the whole Vineyard is our own, Therefore Let us be busy
That is my Sole aim, but what will the People say
Royal William
Rights of Man
"Hold Miscreant - I arrest thee in the name of the British Constitution, which thou art undermining - I arrest thee in the name of human nature, which thou hast most cruelly outraged; - I arrest thee in the name of that Monarch whom thou dost wish to deprive of dignity, & of that people whom thou hast most basely deluded! - Nay, no fawning: - thy Tears & thy hypocrisy make no impression on the mind of truth & Loyalty: - therefore, Enemy of all good! yeild to that punishmt which has long waited those  OPEN>> crimes which are left as yet unwhipt of Justice
O Lord! O Lord! that ever my aim should be discover'd when I had taken such pains to disguise myself - for Heavens sake, Watchman, what have I done that I should be apprehended? - what have I done only answer me that! - dare you accuse me only for what you think I intended to do ? - have I ever assassinated the King, or blown up the Lords ? - as to this Gunpowder here, I only intended to set fire to it merely to clear the Nation of Buggs: - for goodness sake do let me go: - or if I must suffer do let it be without holding up my own dark Lanthorn in my Face, for my Eyes are so weak with crying to think I should be charged with such Villainy, that I cannot bear the Light.
Gunpowder
for the King
for the House of Lords
Alias the Goose-Catcher! *BRACKETED* - alias Carlo-Khan! *BRACKETED* - alias the Westminster Mountebank! - alias the Man of the People! - &c. To which is added, a Devonshire Lamentation! and an Epitaph! by the Widow of the Murdered Man
Soliloquy
The gloomy Crisis of my Fate draws near;  OPEN>> And in Despight of all my puffing Friends,  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> My Fame Politic dies! . . . It ends,  OPEN>> But, Oh! the King would hear his Subjects Cries!  OPEN>> And *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> Their Charters, Rights, and Liberties maintain'd!
discharged the above tremendous Cataract of Oratory
The Devonshire Lamentation
Did I the Tongue of Calumny defy, And o'er the Bounds of Delicacy fly? Forget my Sex's softness, to defend The sinking Cause of my politic Friend; And all for nought? -
Epitaph
butcher'd Husband
To Vienna
To ye Rhine
O Mack, Mack is this the triumph you promised me! Why my imperial diadem is off - infamy & ruin - Vienna itself may be Jacobinised.
No, no, you dont get us to stop yet depend upon it indeed, indeed we dont want to go to Paris.
Drive on, drive on, we must be safe, before I can chalk out another road to Paris.
Hola! stop, stop, We are friends - you may hear of something to your advantage - my name is Corn--w--ll--s, Zounds I have follow'd you till I'm tired to death.
Subsidy
My Lord give up the business, you'l never get at them - every thing they hear, even the cracking of their whips sounds like a French Army
The imperial visit to the Rhine. The Indian Hero in pursuit of the Knight of the Black eagle
Old Noted Gin and Purl House. By Chris. Catch-Penny
I wish to G—d that sombody would buy Us—Byron
Subscription Malt & Hops from ye Whitbread Brewery
Neck or Nothing a New Coalition
Sheridan for Ever
Impeachment . . . Marquiss Wellesley
P. Moore
Paul & Plumper *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* . Next her a butcher lies on his back, dropping marrow-bone and cleaver; his hat, with wig inside it, is on the ground. Four other butchers, still erect, are about to be ridden down. All their cleavers are inscribed  OPEN>> Burdett for ever
Burdett
Burdett is the Man for ye Ladies
Burdett
Life of Oliver Cromwell
Liberty and Equality!!! - No Placemen in Parliament! No Property Taxes! No Bastilles!! Liberty for Ever.
Rights of Man by *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . These three wear tricolour favours inscribed  OPEN>> Liberty
Political Register
Inflammatory Letters
Paul
Burdett
Orator Broadface Swallow Street
Burdett
Loyalty
Mellish
Loyalty and Independence for Ever.
Rule Britannia and the Bank for Ever! and Integrity & ye Monied Interest.
State of the Poll - Mell *BRACKETED* , Byng, Burdett
Independence for Ever! - no Mob Laws
The Good Old Wig Block
Old Wigs for Ever. . .  OPEN>> . There is also a bill:  OPEN>> The good Old Whig Interest for Ever
Nadie puede quitarme el ser señor de vidas y haciendas — Mi voluntad
Guerra abierta a los sabios y a las ciencias.
Nada temáis.
Vive la Constitucion.
En tanto que los bravos españoles Derramaban su sangre por Fernando *BRACKETED* , El á Napoleon felicitaba Por las victorias que en el suelo hispano Sus sanguinárias huestes conseguian .... Ved las hazañas de este Monstruo infando
La Ferdinanda
Bombardinium 40
Childbed Linen
Important blanks in Nature's Mighty roll. Churchill.
Captain Morris's Celebrated Drinking Song . . . Sung by Mr Dignum, Mr Taylor, & Mr Munden. . . . *BRACKETED* .
Though hipp'd and vex'd at Englands fate, In these convulsive days, I can't endure the Ruin'd State, My sober Eye surveys; But through the Bottle's dazzling glare, The gloom is seen less plain, And that I think's a reason fair, To fill my glass again
You are not the first T------f that I have brought off by mere dint of Impudence
Insinuation against Truth
Did not the Felon firmly fix his hope On flaw or jaw, and so escape the rope, Justly he'd meet that Fate without reprieve, {Which come when Advocate fails to deceive,) Or, doom made sure for want of quibling aid, He'd quit bad ways to seek an honest trade.
Come here poor Dog! Thee shalt not say I called thee names, or beat thee, for that would be cruel!! but I will anoint thee with Oil, and moisten thy sides with my pure Linnement.
Oil of Vitriol
Ah Obadiah, that decietfull whining Cant, to allure the poor Animal, in order to inflict the most Diabolical unheard of Cruelty on him, shall not go unpunished.
Fresh Complaint Whereas
Confus'd Island
Protestant Petition
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Pugs, beware, He may not prove so great a fool as you may think him
Forty One
Reform
Justice
Carolina Star
Carliles Tracts, Seeing is beliving, Paines Works
I am come to end your games
The Devil you are
My turn now old Glory
Have I stooped for this
I begin to think this is a very dis-Order-ly game
go it Hunt
Dam these Rabble, they take me for one of themselves
Hollo! you'll have off my Wig!
Oh! never mind I'll take care of that
This is the levelling System with a Vengeance
This summing up, is the tottle of the whole
Down with the Church
Scourge
Croix de Pillory
Magna Charta
Thumscrews & gags
an old Song to a new Tune / I know my trade / Which tho it be made / By some a mighty serious / occupation, / I have found that to laugh / Is better by half / And more likely to get / a presentation / Tis all a mere hum / To stand preaching humdrum / And telling old Tales of / repentance / You had better burlesque / Both pulpit and desk / And turn up your female acquaintance / So bein ....
Old Songs Humorous Amorous &c
Joe Miller
Com *BRACKETED* Pray *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The Regent says to his daughter:  OPEN>> I have sent for you my Dear Girl, to give you advice—for the future you must look up to me, as a pattern of Chastity, Sobriety, and Fidelity—I have just dismissed your late attendants, and intend now to teach you these virtues by my own precept and example—you will henceforward live under my roof—if you dont Obey—Mind—this!!
If you will allow me Sir! to send my wife to her, she will teach her how to Obey, I'll answer for it and that Scott free!!
Don't mind Brother Bags I'd have every body know what the Law can do it can decorate a Lord with the Croix de St Pillory, why not a Lady!
I wont stay Uncle—I won't be a Prisoner—I don't care for all the Bishops and Lords in the Kingdom, I'll put my self under the protection of some Coach'ee and drive to my Mother that I will!
No No my dear! must not run away from School Nuncky will pet it and Nurse it and Nunckys deary shant fret that it shant.
Fore George but this is a good one I must get into the right tune.
Qui Pense
Wisdom
Activity
Curr *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  and  OPEN>> Brandy
Rule a Wife and *BRACKETED* ;  OPEN>> Gullivers Travels
Gack the Gian Killer
Tom Thumb
Family Quarrels a Novel in one Vol.
Little Red Riding Hood
Law and Equity
Duty of Jurymen by Veritas
Life of John Bull
Char *BRACKETED* cond
Pri *BRACKETED* gent
A Chines Bridge
Sterne's Starling
I can't get out
cit
I have left my Budget and Tools behind me and I can't get a job another way, - pray, Mr Bull take me into your employ
None of your palaver, master Billy, you shan't make another hole in the Kettle, damn me if you shall!! Against the pot lies a shapeless object inscribed  OPEN>> Billy the Tinker's Budget
And there are Seven Kings, five are fallen, and  OPEN>> one
King Joe, The One that continued but a short space
Spanish Liberty seizing the Usurpers-Crown
Libertas
King Nap The  OPEN>> One that is
The five that are fall'n
Wirtemberg, Saxon'y *BRACKETED* ,  OPEN>> Holland
Bavaria
Prussia
Slough of Disgrace and Ridicule
Pyrennian Mountain
From Switzerland Via Colombier the Capital of Europe
From Milan by the Brown road
From Trieste
From Carlsruhe
Como
Italy
Devil
Moloch
Lucifer
Private
... *BRACKETED* ochys deposition
Grand Monarque
Abbess
O Tempora, O Mores! - Charley! dear Charley! - remember your poor Soul! - & if you're spared this time give us Emancipation - or!!!
Do confess your Sins Charley! do take Advice from an Old Abbess *BRACKETED* & receive Absolution! - here is Bishop O'Bother,  OPEN>> twill be quite snug among Friends you know!
I abhor all Communion which debars us the comfort of the Cup! - will no one give me a Cordial?
Alas! poor Charley! - do give him a Brimmer of Sack,  OPEN>> twill do him more good Abbess, than all the Bishop's nostrums!
Letter from N. Jeffreys
Emancipation! - fudge! - why Dr OBother I thought you knew better!
Scheme for a new Administra *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Behind him stands Howick, in the extremity of grief, throwing back his head, and holding his handkerchief to his face. Three men stand, on the Prince's l., looking towards Fox, all weeping with raised handkerchiefs. Their heads rise one above and behind the other from the short Petty who wears a laced coat and bag-wig and has a large roll under his arm:  OPEN>> New Taxes for 1806
Ah poor me! - If my Dancing-Days are over!
O Lord! what side can I tack round to Now!
I must get back to Ballynahinch! Och! Och.
*BRACKETED* Grenvilles stand in the doorway *BRACKETED* apart from the mourners. Lord Grenville turns to Sidmouth, who is just within the room, putting a hand on his arm, and saying,  OPEN>> Well Doctor, have you done his business? - shall we have the Coast clear, soon?
We'll see!
Composing Draft
O! Such a Day as This! so renown'd so Victorious
such a day as This! was never seen!
True Maidstone
My dear old Flame Bet, dont despair! - if Charley is pop'd off - a'nt I left to Comfort you - ?
Negotiations for Peace between Great Britain & France
N° 1
Georges Roi d'Angleterre
Impôts sur le Jour, Impôts sur la Terre, Impôts sur la Nouriture, Impôts sur les Vetemens, Impôts sur l'Air, Impôts sur l'Eau.
N° 2
Impôts
EXPLICATION Ce Gouvernement est représenté sous la figure d'un Diable écorché tout vif, accaparant le Commerce et revétu de toutes les décorations Royal, le Portrait du Roi se trouve au derriere du Gouvernement lequel vomit sur son Peuple une multitude d'Impôts avec lesquelles il lefoudroye. Cette prérogative est attaché au Sceptre et à la Couronne
In Hoc Signo Vincit
Your servant Gentlemen for this time we'll start on some other Course for a Kings Plate
You see mine stands as quietly as if he was Wood
You woul *BRACKETED* think he had nothing on his back, but we are Weight man!
What are you At-kin of the old one a little flogging will suit you perhap
PShaw now don't be Prancing so you'll want all your speed presently
I can hardly hold Banker in till we start He has been so well train'd on Turtle Soup
Good bye to you there! you may do for a Hunter if not for a Racer
Amsterdam
Haage
Fielding
Byland
Memorial Declaratie
some well-known Dutch merchants
in a very friendly way
Tractaaten van Commercie
Traktaaten van Alliantie
Your high mightinesses will easily understand the necessity for hastening this resolution, concerning matters so important and advantageous for all mankind, wherefore the signatory requests that a speedy answer may be given.
Our ships have long been exposed to the attacks and plunder of war-making powers, to the great disadvantage of the trade of the inhabitants, while we are not in a position to resist it by force of arms. Now is our opportunity to be respected by England, Spain, and France, if we do not refuse the invitation of the illustrious Empress of all the Russias. We therefore beg very humbly and earnestly that your Excellency will be pleased to support by your authority and wise counsel the just and beneficent proposal of her Imperial Majesty, so that henceforth our commerce may be carried on safely and unhindered.
Your request is very just, I have always made the greatest efforts to maintain the Republic and make her commerce secure. Therefore I have already urged that we should increase our sea and land forces and put ourselves in a state of defence against our too-powerful neighbours, before we declare ourselves. Still, since the illustrious Empress of all the Russias will now take the same course as ourselves, I shall use all my powers to support her proposal in the States, to restrain by strong measures the wanton presumption of our seeming friends.
I have always supported treaties as inviolate and thought that each Power must consider them as sacred; I trusted that I was perfectly safe. Still I perceive it to be clear that there is neither trust nor uprightness among the nations, I shall therefore make use of all my powers to punish those who by trickery or force insult or injure.
I thought I had already made the lion so tame that he would put up with anything from me, but I am mistaken, I see that he begins to be angry. For we have more than once found to our shame that the Dutch lion can revenge himself, when he is too much teased, I shall therefore try to respect him and avoid him.
How brave is the Lion, I fear however that he relies too much on his security and trusts too much to his treaties with England and will allow himself to be ensnared by this Power. This however does not please me now, although at other times I am accustomed to break my word very lightly, and to violate treaties. I shall therefore disturb him in his tranquillity for this touches my own advantage; nevertheless I shall pose as friendly, lest suspicion is raised and it is taken amiss.
I thought I could at least make myself master of some of his mane, so that the loss I suffer through England might be somewhat made good, but I see that this is not the case. The lion is vigilant, and is angry. I shall therefore try to keep him as a friend so as not to have any more enemies, for alas! one alone can do me harm enough.
What a fortunate change in affairs. I thought that the beloved Fatherland was in a dangerous situation through the superiority of our neighbours and. because we were not sufficiently armed, but now the Russian Empress will join her power to ours, and Sweden and Denmark will probably enter the alliance, my fear vanishes and gives place to pleasant sensations, also I shall now at last receive some more rest.
I have supported the English party with all my might, so long as it was at all possible. I thought that the safest way to protect the Republic from danger, but I see now that England is a faithless ally, who under the appearance of friendship tries to destroy our trade, and further demanded more help from us than we were pledged to give, and embroiled us in war. This necessitates my leaving my own party, but I knew not how best to behave in that matter. But thank the Empress of Russia, who saves me from this difficulty, through her friendly offer to uphold neutrality with us. Now I shall easily explain myself to the Convoys, so far as the treaties allow, and I shall not again permit myself to be frightened by the threats of England.
Mr O'R
Mr T------
Real Irish
Lingham's Elastic
Sherry
Ich Dien
Equity
Wiskey
Stoney Batter
Pantheon Opera
Rehearsal Gratis
Haymarket Opera
By Cot my Poetic Fame will support de House vidout von bit of Stone
This is driving with Spirit indeed, to what I have been used to lately!!!
You do me honor I am sure, but there is no Man of Sussex feels more pleasure than I do in driving the Ladies.!
full trim'd petticoats
Steine
bonnet rouge
Cartouch Box
Liberty
O you pretty Bird - I never saw any thing so handsome - I wonder how any body can eat such pretty Birds.
Indeed she is a very pretty Bird - here my dear - I have brought you some nice Prussian Cakes.
Indeed Mr Bruin - your paws, are very heavy - and as to that great Black Eagle - I don't want any thing to say to her, or her Prussian Cakes either
Histories of the Tête-à-Tête annexed: . . .
Turtle Dinner
A distinguished Officer in the Continental Army
<<CLOSE - -----lay on MacDuff, / And d—d be him that first cries hold enough
Butcher. Prepare Sir - you poison'd my wife---------- and by Jupiter I'll Butcher you-------------- Doctor. Good Sir-------hear me --- Indeed------- upon my Honor it was only?------only only -------A Physical Error
Pains & Penalties
3d Plate.—arrived in safety— *BRACKETED* , being a Scholard, *BRACKETED* I was promoted to the rank of a Corporal, and soon after appointed to teach the Officers their duty—found them all so damnably stupid, that  OPEN>> though I took the pains to draw up my instructions on Cards, I could not with all my Caning and Kicking, drive one manual movement into their thick heads!— NB these Cards were so much admired by Genl Dundas, that he made them the foundation of his New Military Systemn. —Vide: my Own Memoirs in the Political Register of 1809—
Cobbetts Cards or new Military Tacticks
Cobbett's Military Cards
How to Run away
Eyes left
Victoria
Wm Cobbett
Cobbetts Military Movements
Cobbetts new Cards of Discipline
How to turn out Toes
How to Fart to ye Right
Eyes Right
To the Right
To the Le *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> How to march Forward
How to Run away
shoulder Musquet *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ;  OPEN>> How to shoulder Musquets
Left Right, how to hold up Heads
Sung by Mr Fawcett, in Crotchet Lodge.
*BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The Marquis of Worcester in hussar uniform rides a white horse with a large dolphin-like tail through curling waves in the teeth of a gale produced by three angry heads in the clouds *BRACKETED* , representing winds. The three blasts from their mouths directed against horse and rider are  OPEN>> Popular Storm
Tempest of Reform
Opposition Squall against the Military Lord of the Admiralty
The Amphibious Animal of Worcester
Walcheren Log
Ministerial Mouth peice
Lisbon Chain
. . . D—Ha *BRACKETED* ker
Water Rat
Sunshine of Royal Patronage & Favour
Flying Dutchman
National Omnibus
borough-monger
Burrows in Cornwall Bought an Sold Apply to
Extortion Money
Bribery and Corruption
Rotten Bourough to be Disposed of
Rapine
Drainings from the hard hand of the industrious Poor
May all Housbreakers and their abettors by analogy be given up to condign punishment
Derive an immense Revenue
Burough Monger Sovereigns Caterpillers of the State
G.R Long m *BRACKETED* he Live
Bless him I say he's a Rum  OPEN>> on
British Lion Roused
—this dear, dear Land, Dear, for her reputation through the World, Is now leas'd out— *BRACKETED* Like to a Tenement, or pelting Farm; England, bound in, with the triumphant sea, Whose rocky shore, beats back the envious surge *BRACKETED* Of Watery Neptune, is now bound in with shame, With inky blots and rotten parchment Bonds. Shakespeare Richd 2
From this foul and traiterous Traffic our Borough Monger Sovereigns derive an immense revenue, cruelly wrung from the hard hand of honest labour. I do, however now entertain an ardent hope that this degraded and degrading system, to which all our difficulties, grievances & dangers, are owing, will at length, give way to the moderate but determined perseverance of a whole united People. Sir Francis Burdett
Plan for a Constitutional Reform
No Thoroughfare
Following on horse back a slow cart through an endless narrow lane at sunset, when you are already too late, and want all the help of your own eyes, as well as your horses feet to carry you safe through the rest of your unknown way.
Fox's Martyrs
Representation
To the memory of the martyred senators
His saltern accumulem donis et fungar inani Munere
School for Scandal
Guilty Death
Conventions
Plots
Conspiracy's
Treasons
Rebellions
Seditions
Invasions
*BRACKETED* rages
Assassinations
Budget
Come Nursey make the water boil, he gets very lax. My dear Sir you must not give way to lowness of Spirits, another Invasion *BRACKETED* Incision I mean will cheer you. I would then advise you to Exercise yourself with your firelock, & take a Trip to the Continent.
Liberty
Suspension Habias Corpus
Oh Doctor, Doctor: I fear you will take too much from me. you have bled me very freely already, I am sure I cannot support it long
Make haste Doctor or have done or I shall be obliged to give up my post: my heart begins to turn already
W.W
I'll Wind-him John Bull must be kept constantly with Hot Water.
I chearfully give up my Intrest to your Present Advantage Notwithstanding - . . . your unfortunate T C.
Brothers a Tragedy
Honble T Coventry Town Talk
He Shan't Die by - as my Uncle Toby says *BRACKETED* .
Suk Conway
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
God save the King
Is this the gallant gay Lothario! Heavens how pale.
Bless your heart my Lady no such a thing - dont you know me, I am my Lord Pic Nic one of the Dillitanti Performers.
And I myself appear'd their leading God! there's an Alexander the Great for you.
In Vain with tears her loss she may deplore, In Vain look back, to what she was before, She sets like Stars, that fall, to rise no more.
O Pylades what's life without a freind!
you may call me Pylades or what you please; but I am determin'd to play nothing but Sir John Falstaff!!
I will trouble you Ma'am to throw in a few more tears in the last passage.
If your Legs ant long enough to get into this here Wehicle I wont drive you at all—you little Stump
Stop that fellow he has got my Stick
Stump
Real & Mock Turtle
undertakes to keep Some of the principal Suits
Devouring Brush
Suits
Costly Suits
Vice
Wards—In—
fine perspective in my Chancery Scenes—My Father was a Painter before me.
I Suit of Scarlet & Gold, I Suit White & Silver, I Suit Blue & Silver, i Suit Flower'd Silk, i Suit Black Silk, I Black Velvet Surtout.
Left to Messrs Panchauld & Fo . . .
A Course of Humanity on Miss S------rs
It is true I have Suffer'd the infectious hand of a Bishop to be wav'd over me, whose Imposition like the Sop given to Judas is only a Signal for the Devil to enter. &c.
Commons
Lords
King
Christian-religion
Habeus corpus
Bill of Rights
Magna Charta
ancien régime
Je suis voire tres humble Serviteur
26
The assassination of David Riccio
154
Wallworth killing Wat Tyler
Conservation
Reform
Representation Done Here By Me And My Man
Finance
Joseph Dealer In MPs—Pledges Warranted
Tuft Hunters
Truth
Justice
W R.
An old Man, and old Man will never do for me, | For May and December can never can never agree
Did you not promise me I should be a King.
by Order of the Provisional Governt & by special favor of the Great Alexander
Huzza! there goes the whole Family.
Elba
Paris
huzza
by the Universal execration of all France.
Murdered Generals
Duke d'Enghien
Wright
Palm
Martyrs in Russia
Poisoned Soldiers
To the Right Owners
Louis XVIII
Italy
Prince of Orange
Rewards for emminent services
Holloa - Monsieur le Grand General, vat are you off already
Aye, Aye he will live to fight more battles than any General ever known  OPEN>> For he that fights & runs away, May live to fight another day
Ou le triumphe du Ministre Pitt, foulant aux pieds la Couronne d
Hunter's Lectur *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , showing that he is Dr. William Hunter *BRACKETED* , the great anatomist. He built a house *BRACKETED* in Great Windmill Street to which were attached a dissecting room, lecture room, and a large museum, see BMSat 6128. The caricature deals with the body-snatching for the sale of corpses to surgeons, which went on to a considerable extent in this period. Reproduced,  OPEN>> Social England
Defence of W. Hasti--gs Esqr
Rupees
Pagodas
I am Nuncomar's Spirit, Hast**gs - follow me!
Bulse
cit
Angleterre
Malte
Qu'avez vous done Madame mes trésors en ce jour, Vous assurant ma foi, mon cœur et mon amour.
Toujours par des héros je me vis déffendue, Vous . . . vous aimiez l'hanovre et vous I'avez perdue
After the play, on a raw wet night, with a party of ladies - fretting and freezing in the outer lobbies, and at the street doors of the theatre, among chairmen, barrow-women, yelling little boys, and other human refuse, in endless attempts to find out your servant, or carriage, which when found at last, cannot be drawn up nearer than a furlong from the door.
I Zomehow think my Masters if we were to ax for a Little Corn they would Let us have it.
Why Johnny you might as well Expect to find Corn on the Summit of the Mountains of Scotland.
They have Corn how Do you think they Should Come by it! - they have not had a Good harvest these Eight Years - Corn indeed - why all the People are at this moment Starving because you have Plenty of Every thing you Fancy every Body must have the Same
Stepping out of a boat at low water in a slippery Causeway, upon a stone, which slides under you and you descend in the mud up to the chin.
O, my poor Seat! my poor Seat! my poor Seat! I'd have given any thing for a seat.
What good can weeping do you Dan.—I'm sure I did as much as I could!!
Knock & Ring
NB. Jews or Proselytes desirous of Obtaining Seats in the House may Knock and Ring at this Door.
the House
To — Clare
The Times
Tristram Shandy
The Times
Courier
Morning Chronicle
1s. 6d.
John!
Coming Ma'm.
The palace that N-h built: a parody on an old English poem. By I. Hume
I appeal to the People of England to defend their own Rights and those of the House of Brunswick against this Banditti of Plunderers
Tho
I am as good a bastard as R------d, & yet I have only 6 or 7000£ a year upon the Excise on Wine & spiritous liquors - But Prince Pitt has promis'd me an additional Tax on Malt.
The Prince of Wales has no more right to the rightegency than I have.
Dornford's Address
Shop Tax Window Tax Candles Tax Horse Tax Hat Tax Westminster Scrutiny Irish Propositions Fortification Schemes Degradation of Naval Officers Excise Laws &c. &c. &c. &c.
A cut purse of the Empire and the rule that from a shelf the precious diadem stole, and put it in his pocket. Hamlet.
See here Prince George! our Sovereign's darling Son, Old England's Hope, & Heir to Britains Throne: Trod under Foot the Royal Victim lies; The while Prince Pitt above him dares to rise. Our rightful Prince, the Heir Apparent down, This new Pretender hopes to filch the Crown. Two base-born Dukes of the curs'd Stuart Breed Bend their vile necks to help him to the Deed  OPEN>> Tis G------n's Duke upon the left you see; The most renown'dfor greatest Treachery. But he who skews his bald pate on the right Is R------ds Duke who never yet would fight. May God eternally confuse their scheme; And make them vanish like an empty Dream! Rouse Britons, rouse! - hands, hearts in chorus join To guard our Laws and save the Brunswick Line Huzza! my Boys! - our courage never fails God save the King! God bless the Prince of Wales!!!
Taxes Taxes
State
Church
Civil List
B—— the Chain of promise binds him no longer it has been broken so often that he feels his strength & will no longer be bound by it
He has been kept too long from his Pasture
Pensions Secret Service
My hours are at this Moment too much, and I am proud to say, too well occupied to be devoted to such unworthy Subjects as the Italians and its—Author—A Lie. an Odious damned Lie. Upon my Soul a Lie, a wicked Lie. D—n that Porter it has turned my Brain!!!
Caesar for ever.
I am very Intimate with the Gemman, and I knows his Motter is, Naught Caesar Naught Nullus and I says Caesar for ever
Tune - Bow, wow, wow
de British Bulvarks
I find my boasting threats are vain, for now, all ranks, by gar, sir, From fifteen *BRACKETED* up to fifty-five, are all prepar'd for war, sir; They swear,  OPEN>> no Gallic yoke they'll bear, or Corsican's proud sting, sir,  OPEN>> But, bravely for their Freedom fight, their Country, and their King! sir.
Attic Miscellany
Crim. Con. in High Life!!! Baron Robeck versus Lord Sussex Lennox, damages 2,500 pounds
Road to Hell
Where be his quiddits now? his quillets? his cases? his tenures? and his tricks? Why does he suffer this rude knave to knock him about the sconce with a rotten jaw-bone, and will not tell him of his action of battery? . . . Hamlet
whither ye wanton would ye be—half so happy as with me—stay here and Sing &c
My Singing Bird escaped, no doubt she has flown to the Wood, and by this time in the very bosom of it—how d—d unfortunate a man cannot see thro a Wood with both eyes
Gee's Farm
Scourge
The Summons to Paradise
I am the holy angel, sent by Johanna Southcott to conduct your sealed Spouse to the Mansions of bliss!!
Who's there?
Oh dear Johanna's prophecy is come to pass! tis the good angel come to fetch me to heaven! I must depart and go to glory with my heavenly guide.
He be a Mortal rum looking Angel!
The Set-down
You must wait here a few minutes longer, and another heavenly messenger will ascend with you to the regions above.
Hoo Noo Noo ooo.
Bless me what a lonely place to be left in at this time of night I begin to think Johanna is an imposter—Mercy on me what is this—I wish I was at home again.
The Return to Reason
Oh open the door! I am your dear wife indeed! indeed! I am your dear wife.
That can never be, my wife is gone to Heaven on one of Johanna's spiritual donkeys several hours ago, and no doubt by this time is happy enough—She can have no wish to return to the cares of a family.
Mummy come from Heaven to fetch us Pa.
The Manager-Author—the Actor of  OPEN>> Quotem
Reform
This is poor work—after all I see you are tired of it Frank—besides we have not improved the High Ways a bit—getting very hungry could swallow a whole batch of ROLLS
Evidence against the Q...n
Well Gentlemen! we are pretty well in for it now—we must lie through thick and thin to do any good, and get as many as we can to do the same, or it is all up with us; what say you Doctor have you any specific for the occasion.
Friend Derry I could as soon produce the Philosophers stone or Elixir of Life but if your brazen face can't bring us through it is a forlorn hope, however here is some chance in the Bag!
Yes I have some choice Tales to communicate what with Bargemen—Chambermaids—W....s and Rogues, whom I have had the honor to associate with. I shall be able to COOK up a high seasoned dish that his M.....y will relish.
Curse that City Hop Merchant *BRACKETED* he has thrown bitter into this Brewing with a vengeance! I'll try what a dash of my wit will do, or we shall be obliged to swallow it ourselves!
I say Mr. Flashman! don't stand scratching your head in that manner but hear what I have to tell you when a woman is determined on revenge she will stick at nothing to accomplish it—turn me away indeed for a little amusement with Peter, when my husband was out I hate such scrupulous Modesty. I'll swear any thing you wish.
I'll swear!
So will I!
So will I to any lie.
Rex *BRACKETED* us Regina
Well Gentlemen I shall go home and consult about it. I dont like to decide too hastily Look before you leap ought to be the Motto of my Seal
Foreign Newspapers
Foreign Correspondence private
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
American Letter Box
Vox Populi
Treasury Bucket
Coalition Pay
Treasury
Charly now you have Baul'd Enough come round the Back way to Portland
A man may smile & be a Villian *BRACKETED* at least its so in England
Tricks on the Cards by the Noted Charly with many New Shuffles by the Rest of the Company
Avast there Brother ho! damn my buttons I cant stand that.
Be quiet! Jack don't irritate them they might go to War with us.
I tell you mon it is all in the way of Friendship
Capitulation, 30 Mars 1814
Art 2
Art 1er
5 Millions placés sur le Banque de Londres
Roubles
Guinées
Pe Wm Hy.
Jamaica Rum
------Far be the noise Of Kings & Crowns from us, whose gentle souls Our kinder fates have steerd another way, Free as the forest birds we'll pair together Without rememb'ring who our fathers were. And in soft murmurs interchange our souls
A weighty argument in favour of the Catholic Emancipation
I have the authority of the Head of the Catholic Church, for saying that there is no solidity in the objection taken on the other side: thus I am legislating with the Pope at my back!!!
Peel
I hope that when the noble Lord observed that *BRACKETED* he had no allusion to me, even if the noble Lord were willing to put the Popedom in Commission, I should not be willing to accept the office of one of the Commissioners.
St Steevens March 28 1821
Say why upon this blasted Heath you stop my way with such prophetic Greeting? Speak.
X
Port
an Impartial account of the Expedition to Welcheren *BRACKETED* written by My Self
W. Pitt
Ride a Cock Horse The sea I can cross And bring home a Tale of Disaster Flushing I took And Antwerp forsook  OPEN>> Cause I coud'nt get on any faster.
Impartial account
Och my Canning! My Canning! Och my Canning, I've wounded! My honor had you not attack'd We should not be thus Confounded! Once we were up up up But now we are down down downee And we soon shall go backwards I fear If we cannot come round, round roundee
The Independent Whig
See Saw Crush em with Law Send em to Gloucester to lie upon Straw So shall be serv'd each scribbler so pert Who on Men like me dares scatter his dirt.
A True Bill
Mary Mary Quite Contrary Who's your Guardian Now? When injured Belles And Patriot-Swells Their Malice at you throw.
God save Great George our King &c &c
Bow woo &c &c
Sing a song of Sixpence a Pocket full of Rye, Four & twenty Baronets baked in a Pye, When the Pye was open'd they all began to Sing, Was'nt that a Dainty Dish to set before the King,
Motion for a Jollification on the 25th of October
Girls & Boys come out to Play A Jubilee we'll have to-day Come with a speech & come with a call Come with a Turtle or not at all
Parched Peas
Oh Berthier - Berthier - I can't go through with it I fear.
That's your sort my Boy. The Directory will give us Imortal Honer for this, its a new way of raising the Wind. \\ come a few more they are Nice and Hot.
My dear Monge you'r right welcom you have had a dreadful voyage
How fragrant is this Southern Breeze
Hoot Mon this reminds me of sweet Edinburgh.
Or a Sketch of the Intended Invincible Invasion found at the door of Brooks's in St James's Street
Newgate Contract
To Mr Nic
Speech agt City Place Bill
At the Winchester Election when Mr Flood was a candidate
State Arrests - O'Conner Binns Evans Quigley
Tom Treason Hell-Fire Celler Chick Lane
Proceedings of the London Corresponding Society Ts Firebrand Secretary - Delegates - Forging Sam Barber Joe Dick Butcher Dissenting Nick Sheepshead Will Cut down Lary
Horne Tooke
Tom Payne
Or, Courts of Law without a Covering, and Lawyers
Causes without an Issue, and an Issue without a Cause
Walking fast and far to overtake a Woman, whose shape and air, as viewed en derriere, you have decided that her Face is Angelic, till on eagerly turning round as you pass her—you are petrified by a Gorgon
Chevalier Stinkpot Perfumer in General to the Court of St James's
court Sticking Plaister, Goula . . Lotion, Rouge, Pearl Dentrifice, Maccass *BRACKETED* Oil, Pomade Devine
St Giles would blush at hatching
Brookes Rectifier of Spirits
Pray Remember us Poor Blacks
Carlo Crusoe
We were unfortunately cast away in the British Channel on board the Portland East Indiaman
Ruined by the American War
Man Friday
Defence of the Blacks by Lo *BRACKETED* G------G------
By all the glories of mischief they have no right to send us to Africa
Purveyor
O! Oh! - bless your heart Massa Beetle-brow - if you no lick apoor neger man he'll pimp for you
Avarice
5 Millions
3 Millions
Account of Money at interest in Germany
Drunkenness
Neat Wines
Gambling
Debauchery
A Jordan
To the Commons of Great Britain, this representation of Vices, which remain unforbidden by Proclamation, is dedicated, as proper for imitation, and in place of the more dangerous ones of Thinking, Speaking & Writing, now forbidden by Authority.
Life in Paris
St Giles
View on the Lake
Batcholer's Fare Bread Cheese and Kisses
- Sung by Mr Emery, at Covent Garden Theatre.
a Yorkshire man just come to town
rout
Madam Fig
O Dunder & Wonder! - what Cratur is dat which you are bringing here ? - relation of mine, indeed? - no, no! - me know no Nanny-goat-Princess! - so set off, with your bargain, you poor - Toasted - Cheese! you! - for she sha'nt come in here, to poison the house! - off! - off! - off.
ich dien
Not open the Toor ? - Cot-splutter-a-nails - when Nanny is come to see you, herself? - vhy isn't Nanny a Princess too ? - & a Velch Princess? - and hur is come to visit hur Brothers & hur Sisters! - & not to let hur in? why the Voman is mad, sure!
Representing Shon-ap-Morgan, Shentleman of Wales, introducing his Old Nanny-Goat into high Company.
Scourge
Before the War—
cit
I can't eat any more.
3d
Port
Ah, happy Country if Ministers were but honest & Patriots sincere thy Princes neither litigious or Ambitious—these are the Blessings we might always enjoy—Plenty would attend upon industry—monopoly would cease & Liberty guide the sail of Commerce—no more pudding boy?—come have another plate: OPEN>>  *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> During the War—
Day Book
Ledger
4 1/2 d
I want some more meat.
Curse on this necessary War say I. it has deprived us of all the necessaries of life— give you some Beef Child! why it is eating gold—you have had enough—Chains have become an Englishmans Liberty!—his boasted independence!!!—beggary & ruin his inheritance—The Tax on my House, on my Window lights on my property on my Salt my Hat my Dog with a Thousand etceteras has exhausted my means, & left me little better than a bare bone. Oh! for a peace a lasting & a permanent Peace!!!!—
—Peace with all the World
6d
Taxes
National Debt 950 millions
Give me some more Bone dady
Are these the effects of Peace? is this the Peace we have been sighing for? Alass my good Old Sirloin is reduced to a bone, my Porter to a compound of Drugs & Soporifics I am borne down by fresh exactions of the State, by New, Taxes; more ruinous under a Peace establishment than those which propped up the late unhappy War—from what I was compare me with what I am: my limbs are wasting by consumption. I am but the mere Shadow of my former self. Hope has forsaken me—more bone child?—alass I have no more meat & these poor remnants of my prosperity can scarcely eke out another days subsistance.
I turns my hand to any thing now I ketches Rats like winking
The Nightmare
cit
Army &c . . . 200,000 \\ Navy &c . . . 10,000 \\ *BRACKETED* List 2,000000 \\ ------16,000 \\ Secret Service 200000 \\ *BRACKETED* pay 60000 \\ ------100,000
By St Patrick, I thought there would be a pretty reckoning - you know Mr Bull, when I was first united to you, I said you was very careless about your accounts - always leaving it to your Foreman Mr Billy - & I knew he was in the habit of laying it on thick.
Thick! D------n me but it is laid on with a Trowel - it almost lift's my Wig off - to look at it
Trinidad
Ceylon
Ay! but Johnny - look what this Gentleman has to shew you
Here Mr Bull - here's crumbs of Comfort - Cedar, Cinamon, and Tobacco for nothing.
Reform
Liberty
Burdett Hobhouse
Sung with unbounded Applause by Mr. Fawcett, at the King's Theatre in the Haymarket, in the New Grand Melo-Dramatic Opera called  OPEN>> The Exile: OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* written by John Frederick Reynolds, Esq.
I dont know what this is Sir - Not know what that is! - why you little stupid Blockhead I have a great mind never to lam you to spell again - but however skip and go on.
Compensation
Estimate 3,072 114-9-8 For asserta-ining restrictions on a Trade before Unlimited
You shall erect no Huts here
We must not go any nearer
You'll not catch us for we are within Ten leagues
You'll not pick our Bones this time Mr Jack Bull - Thanks to Billy
Scratch'd off! - dishd! - kick'dout! - dam'me!!!
How? what! - Kick'd out? - ah! morbleu! - chacun a son tour! morbleu! morbleu!
List of Privy Council C. J. Fox
Whig Toasts & Sentiment *BRACKETED* Sovereignty of People - Jacobins of Ireland - French
Honours List Ld Lieutenant of Yorkshire] Colonelship of Militia
Proclamation against Sedition & Treasonable Meetings
GR
Whereas . . . for carrying secret correspondence with ye French - God sa . . .
Whereas . . . apprehension of Traitors . . . God save ye King
C J Fox
List of Secrateries of State
W Pitt
Wynd
Dundas
Banks
Out - out out with him we want none of his advice
Irish plots Discover'd and Traitorous Corospondence French London
Oh Lord I never thought it would come to this O Billy have mercy as you are Strong
I - I be off we dont want your Assistance
I carina get a Peck of meal but you do want a share of't a share of't &c.
cork rumps
Richard Sneer
his twa Deborahs
Sung by Mr Fawcett
County of Down Election, 1805
you B k *BRACKETED* from Derry, ------ *BRACKETED* near Belfast, you C g *BRACKETED* from Armagh.
The Nightingale Club rules
To The Memory of Cock Robin Bill Right Ma—g—a Ch—r—a and Ha—us Cor—us.
The Lordly Knight, The Coalition bite, Now takes the earliest hour To taste the grapes, - before they're sour.
Here I am, Riding upon a black ram, Like a Whore as I am: And for my Crincum, Crancum, Have lost my Bincum Bancum; So pray Mr P-tt, give me my place again
Very nice Muffins upon my honor! very nice Muffins indeed! The man's name was Matthew Muffin that invented these nice things, my love. There's Dick Lollypop, old Q's groom, it was his father invented the Lollypops. Let me alone for a good anecdote, or Bon Mot. My Second Volume of the Festival of Wit sells astonishingly I am told: a great number of good things in that little book, Charley, they should be called Lollypops of Wit!!! Very good that, very good indeed!
He that invented Muffins was a German my love, the Germans are all people of genius! They are very unwholesome I am told and in a little time they puff one up like a bladder!
Tally O my good Dogs
No Coalition
No India Bill
My dear Fox get into Cover
Fox
broom girl
Coke
Acts
Statutes
Rights of Parliament
Magna Charta
Bill of Rights
Libertas
Perpetual Dictator
Mag *BRACKETED* C *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  and  OPEN>> Acts of Parl *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . His throne is surmounted by his crest, a stork holding an anchor, with the addition of a crown on the bird's head. A smaller retort on the extreme left, inscribed  OPEN>> Aqua Regia
a bastille
Model of the new Barracks
Receipe - Antidotus Republica
Treasury Cole
Ointment of Caterpillars
*BRACKETED* sal Panacea
Oil of Influence
Extract of British Blood
Spirit of Sal: Machiavel
100000
*Regardez Mes amis les effet louables *BRACKETED* d'aristocracie! *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . A prisoner exclaims, clasping his hands,  OPEN>> †Oh! Quel luminaire glorieux! *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . On the roof sits Liberty with the staff and cap of  OPEN>> Libertas
Montesquieu, Raynal, Voltaire, Rousseau
*Helas! Artois miserable Q'un Sortie est le tion! *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  The Queen says to Louis,  OPEN>> †Renvoyez vos troupes au plus vit nous avons perdu *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Behind the King the attackers of the Bastille, all in regimentals, with a flag inscribed  OPEN>> Libertas
Martin Boxing Master
Leson the first
Dying Gladiator
Molus
I Promise to reduce the Americans
I am in a Nasty Situation. I almost wish I was no-Thing
Bribery
Taxes
How to Diminish Public Money by Private Contract
I will have 46 Strokes at him
O he will be a Nice Bone for ye Divil to pick
Keep it up my Boys
There he goes Neck or Nothing
This is sublime & Beautiful
I Hope you're Pleas'd with this Game at Hand Ball Which seems to Prognosticate SOMEBODYS fall Ah may it be Bandied about------and so forth To shew we Can beat all the Games of the North.
An Irish Gentleman, deranged in his mind, made two attempts one morning to drown himself, but as he was an expert swimmer, in spite of his wish to die, he could not help emerging from the water; so making to the land, he tuck'd himself up in his garters on a neighbouring tree; soon after, a party of his friends came on foot in pursuit of him, and saw him dangling in the air, while an Irish cow-keeper was whistling on a stile very near perfectly unconcerned------"Why, you thief
could you be after standing here whistling, and see the poor Jontleman tuck himself up, without offering to cut him down!
I was not so impartinent; for as I saw the Jontleman come out of the water as wet as a drowned rat, Devil burn me, but I thought he had only hung himself up to dry!
Oh! my misguided People
Dispose of these Jewels for the Publick Use
I Command the Ordnance
I Command the Mob
I Command the Fleet
Which way shall I turn? How can I decide?
Pay Master
The best of Ministers The best of K...
effectual Plan of OEconomy
It was the best of messages to the best of people from the best of kings
Parl. Hist.
Last Journals
Camb. Mod. Hist.
Elba
Here I come my lads I'll set you to work again.
Why D—me I shall be as busy as a Bee.
Come along! my Boy.
Congress
Take this to Buonaparte.
Farewell to Europe Now.
Stop him.
Buonaparte —the extraordinary Buonaparte—burst the bonds of his seclusion at Elba....
Studying mischief at the royal Military Academy at Paris
An humble Ensign in a Republican Corps - requesting a situation in the British Army
A determined Atheistical Republican General - ordering his men to fire on the Parisians Vollies of grape shot
A Turk at Grand Cairo
A Runaway from Egypt
A Devout Catholic
An Emperor on a Throne of iniquities - O Tempora O Mores
Fancy sketches from life. / The fancy dragsman.
The hackney dragsman.
The  OPEN>> jolly young waterman.
A man of war laid up in ordinary.
One of the twelve tribes.
A bencher.
Kitchen stuff, or cads of the aristocracy. / The footman.
The swell coachman.
The French cook.
The English cook.
Phisogs of the traders of London. / The butcher.
The baker.
The tailor.
The cobler.
The barber.
The pawnbroker.
Portraits down the road. *BRACKETED* / The commercial traveller.
The inside traveller.
The outside traveller.
The landlord.
The landlady.
The waiter.
The bar-maid.
The chamber-maid.
Boots.
The ostler.
The post-boy.
The modern Proteus. *BRACKETED* / Mrs. Oberflachlich.
Tom Piper.
Silly Lynx.
Adam Child.
Vicissitudes of hunting. / Suspension; or, a candidate for the oaks.
Aerostation, or, taking a flyer.
Look before you leap.
Contemplation; or, a long way from home.
Mortality; or, in at the death.
Human miseries. / Washing day; or, a water frolick.
Too late from the club.
The tight boot
A visit from the white serjeant; or, recruiting at the tap.
The smoky chimney.
Trying it once too often.
Dropping in at dinner time.
Starving against your will.
Taking leave, before you embark on board  OPEN>> The Fleet.
A miserable dream.
An agreeable playmate.
Vicissitudes of a cab.
A little un's misery.
Drinking in the new year.
Affectionate visitors.
A new year's gift.
Uncomfortable lodgings.
The last misery of all.
"The cunning man;
Grand prize fight between Grey *BRACKETED* and Wellington *BRACKETED* .
Reaction; or, the reformer's retort.
A rotten borough dismembered; or, the fruits of reform.
Contrast; or, before and after  OPEN>> the bill.
Contempt of court; or, little Sug. doing the amiable.
Symptoms of Christmas, or good raisins for rapture.
The cat-aline conspiracy.
Modern improvements, or omnibus conveniences.
Black cattle - an old tray among the fancy butchers.
A sketch from Bagnigge Wells.
All the fat in the fire.
A family man - the miseries of weaning.
'Toasting a friend;
Pot companions - Barclay, Perkins, & Co.
Cutting a splash - after the play.
Turks from the divan; or, puffing and blowen.
The Norwood gipsey; or, secrets worth knowing at Beula Spa.
Contrast in season.
Debtor and creditor.
Huzza - Liberty, and Independance!!!
Diversions of Purley
The Finest puppet in the world Gentlemen - entirely of my own formation, I have only to say the word and he'll do anything
To the Editor of the Times
Eo, Meo, and Areo, stick close my Boys, and let me have all the Capital Prizes, in my Calculation
10,000, 20,000 . . .
Calculations
Conjurations
The Life of Duncan Campbel, Deaf & Dumb Fortune Teller
To Mr. Williams, Conjuror, Old Bailey
Paddy Whack
Honor *BRACKETED* Father & thy Mother.
Vide Mr Denmans Speech. Octr 25 1820.
main de Justice
Code Napoléon
Décret
Décret de 1813
Conscription de 1814
I am a good whip Master Coachy let me convince you of my judgement in driveing.
You may depend upon it you do not touch either whip or reins, No No Master Patch I am the best judge at present on the seat.
I say cant you make room within for another this seat is not so easy as the Bench, but do not come Guildford over us.
fie sparing! the provisions wont last out till we get to Kingston at this rate.
a pleasant way of Travelling quite a party of pleasure eh? only my rump begins to get sore.
Kingston and Guildford
jack pudding
if Thompson lodges here, sir
Dedicated with all due respect to Sir Charles Weatherall. mem: Be it known for the benefit of posterity that the H. of Commons sat on Tuesday July 12th from 4 O'Clock in the Afternoon till 7. the following Morning:!!!
£30 000 Per Annum
Carry neither purse nor scrip, nor shoes.—Be ye not hypocrites
Madras
Leadenhall Street
Then Reynard taketh them into an exceeding hihg *BRACKETED* Mountain, and Shewed them all the Kingdoms of the East and the Glory of them, Saying all these will I give ye, if ye will fall down and Worship me
"And when Ahithophel saw that his counsel was not followed, he saddled his ass and arose, and got \\  OPEN>> him home to his house, and put his household in order and hanged himself. - 2 Sam - chap. 17. v. 23.
Stool of Repentence
A Hamper of the right sort for Billy
Private Pickings
Small savings
This House to be let on a Repairing Lease
He-Ho! He Ho! He Ho!
Any Old Cloaths
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Quite the Dandy set to Music
P. P.
Hollo young man be quiet with your whip—I tell you I wont ride over you— *BRACKETED* if you get out of my way
I'll take care you do not ride your High Horse over me—
Matrimony
A Young Gentleman
must be Tall & Handsome neither too fat, or too lean...
I hope you dont think me too tall, and nor me too fat
ee ee
Such a Rabbit Back'd Bandy-Legged Beast, I wou'd not Marry him to be Queen of England
Read this ye British Fair
Choice presents of Venus: Cream of Cucumbers, Essence of Asparagus, Rouge, Extracted from lettuces, Fat of Nightingales.
even where it never grew before
Why Betty! this Cucumber Cream has drawn my Face into Blisters...
Thirty Thousand Pounds!!! He that never Ventures never Wins, . . . In order that all Ranks and Classes of People may have a Chance of either Gaining or Improving a Fortune, Mess. Gain & Rich offers their Chances to the Public, at a Price, Infinitely lower than any other Office, in Town. Here the Poor, and neady, for the Trifling Sum of 2/6 may get a Prize, of a L.1000. set up a Gig and Drive a Poney! if L 5000 retire into the Country, and Kill their own Mutton! if L 10000 buy an Elegant little Villa! & if the 30 000 buy a manor! keep a Pack of Dogs!! support Old English hospitality!!! and make the Whole Country Happy round ye!!!! that's your sort *BRACKETED* .
Gain & Rich's Old Establish'd Lucky Lottery Office
prizewinners
Mr Mayor, we have brought great Quantities of Corn to Market and no body will buy, we request your advice what to do with it.
Do with it? why, as you have done, Keep it!!!
Plan for Regulating the Price of Wheat
Bible
Act . . .
Ordered the price of bread to be lowered One Half tomorrow
To go back
To go back No Purchasers.
Dang I, if I did not think it would come to this at last
Mr State
Church
Very well Sir! Leave me & the Children do Sir & go after your Hussy's, there's Mis Liberal as they call her, & the Harlot in red—Oh You Brute!!
Mother! I'm so hungry give me another fat living.
Never mind Her
Poor Piggy
You be Damd
A Guinea Pig
A Pig without a Guinea.
Sinking Fund
Nob Office
List of Promotions
I have a small list of promotions which I wish to be fill'd up immediately my Dearest
It shall be done my Darling
Red Book
John Gilpin said of Womankind I only love but one, And thou art she my Dearest Dear *BRACKETED* Therefore it shall be done. Vide Old Ballad John Gilpin
Finissez de grace la danse me lasse.
Ah! vous avez beau crier Il faut que vous la dansiez
Bridport
Blandford
God save the King
Birch's Puffs, all a penny a piece
Seats to Let
This day will be presented the constant Couple *BRACKETED* with Peeping Tom
God save the King
Seats to let
G.R.
R.G.
Vive le Roy
Thanksgiving seats to let above God save the King
Seats to let \\ Grand Procession \\ Peep holes \\ Three Guineas each.
God save the King
Seats with Refreshments at £1. 1s. o each
Prospect unlimited
Seats to let
Seats to let
St. George's Day - Seats to let at 2-2-0
climbing boys
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Now Jacky & Georgee together is Joind, The people may weep for it is a verry bad Sign, For Jackys determind to have some more pelf, Let who will Starve, he will serve himself
The price of bread so dear you see, Let's hope it will much cheaper be, That people all may have their fills, It will make work for other Mills.
Ca Ira, Ca Ira, Ca Ira
God Save Great George our King
Association against Levellers St Georges Hanover Square
Sam House
Fox
By his Majesty's Servants this day will be presented A new Way to pay old Debts. . . .  OPEN>>  Above it are two half length portraits of Charles I and Cromwell, each holding out his arms as if in friendship to the other, a parallel to the unnatural alliance between North and Fox. For other comparisons of Fox with Cromwell see BMSat 6239, &c. Over the fire-place is a large map,  OPEN>> A new Map of Great Britain and Ireland
Rule Britannia Set to a new Tune ... 27th July
Westminster Association your desir *BRACKETED* . . .
Quintuple Alliance, The Favour of your Company is reques *BRACKETED* . . .
The Remembrancer
Closet
Be Bloody, Bold, and Resolute, be Firm - fear nothing
Sic Volo - I am Firm, hem! who's afraid? eh!
A Code of Laws for America
Kill them or they will Kill you
Instructions to Generals Howe, Burgoyne, &c.
Tho Nature's Germins tumble all together, Evn till Destruction Sicken
A I have closeted Sr James the Cartouch Box Maker
My Lord Mayor of London
Amende Honorable for using General Warrants
I was Yorke-shire but honest, but curse the Closet
North Briton
I am firm too, in Folly, and is not this precious Foolery, my masters
The Fool casteth Firebrands, Arrows & Death, and sayeth Am not I in Sport?
An hble Address from the Loyal Town of Manchester to Cha *BRACKETED* Geo: the III with lives & Fort. Murray &c.
. . . We are ready to support, with our Lives *BRACKETED* Fortunes, such Measures as your Majesty shall think necessary for the Punishment of Rebellion in any part of your dominions. . .
London Gazette
Eng. Hist. Rev.
Parl. Hist.
Quebec Hoy
Boston hoy
Weymouth Packet wth 20,000 in Dollrs
Chelsea Hoy
McRae
O horrid! is this the Marriage Ceremony
The War of Independence
Esopus
Ann. Reg.
The Cedars
Craniology burlesqued, in three serio-comic lectures, humbly dedicated to the patronage of Drs. Gall and Spurzheim, by a friend to Common Sense.
Royal Max
Ha! ha! D—me! this is glorious! this is Princely!!—better fun than the Hertford Hobby *BRACKETED* —Kitchen stuff & Dishclouts for ever I say D—me!!—If the rascals caricature me, I'll buy em All up d—me.
Oh! Master do let me alone & see! you've thrown the Cods head & Shoulders all in the dirt!
Royal Greas Pot
Brighton—under the Pub *BRACKETED* onage of *BRACKETED* e Regent—High Life below Stairs Principle Character—G P R
10,000 pr annm Custos *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  which serves as saddle. He says:  OPEN>> I say Carey: this Windsor job, is a devilish snug concern & this saddle bag makes it very pleasant riding!—I wish our army had been mounted on these Hobby's in Flanders;—I don't mean Waterloo—
I know what you mean;—but it is a good joke, to think while the Establishment of the Father is redud at Windsor: the sons Establist is increas'd at Fulham—tis properly coming York over John Bull.
£10,000 a year for a son to do his duty to his Father!!!!!! whilst my Children are starving!!!—"Fie out! O Fie 'tis an unweeded garden that grows to seed things rank & gross in nature posess it merely.
"De gustibus non est disputandum:—that is; there is no disputing against Hobby-Horses;
Jacot
Palmer
An American goose came hot from the spit Egad says the Englishman I'll have a bit His jaws he applies with wond'rous speed To devour the viands on which others shou'd feed. Fie, fie, Monsr La Anglois *BRACKETED* cries the frenchman;- forbear, Why the limbs of your brother thus furiously tear? Think you we'll tamely look on and starve? No, no Monsr Anglois, we wait for to carve.
Cape Clear
Manchester Stuff *BRACKETED* . She says: Pull away Sherry—Til steer you—into—Blanket Bay
This is Sorry—Work indeed.
Ich Dien
Pump a way My Noble dont Flinch.
I'll keep a good look-out a head for My Honours sake.
Mother Careys Chickens
Yarmouth Peer
Cuckolds-point
Saint Stephens
Dang it, what a swarm of them there be - enough to cause a famine in any christian country.
There ye are my bonny Lads - mak the best o
As performed by the Brighton Company on a late occasion, to which was added the agreeable entertainment of the mistake. *BRACKETED* Dramatis Personae, 1 The Prince, new drest, . . . . by the P------. 2 Falstaff . . . . . . . . Mr F------ 3 Doll Tear-sheet . . . . . . Mrs Fitz------ 4 Pistol . . . . . . . . Col. H------ The parts of 5 Shallow and the 6 Page restored *BRACKETED* to his Grace and Johnny. 7 Silence . . . . . . . . his Grace of D------ 8 Bardolph. . . . . . . . Mr S------ 9 Davy, the serving-man . . . . . Mr W----- See the 2d part of King Henry 4th Act 5th scene 3d Power would not have been displeasing to them however they might have abhorred the unhappy means that gave it.
2
4
Sir John, I am thy Pistol and thy Friend, And helter-skelter have I rode to thee; And tidings do I bring, and lucky joys, And golden times, and rare unlook'd for news - Sir John, thy tender lambkin now is King -
1
Thy due, from me, Is tears, and heavy sorrows of the blood, Which nature, love and filial tenderness, Shall, O dear Father, pay thee plenteously: See Act 4th Scene 4
3
9
8
7
5
Johnny
6
a placard, Augt 3d by the Brighton Company The Second Part of King Henry the Fourth
mine own Chancerie
6
8
honi soit qui mal y
Fox
Mr Boaden
A Scene at Batt's
Waiter you Will oblige me mightily by showing me the way to the HOUSE—
In here Sir if you please, you will find the Seat Vacant.
When I take my Seat in the House I shall be surround *BRACKETED* by all the Talent &c &c &c.
I, C-n-y
America
Charles Town
St. Vinc *BRACKETED* ts
Eustatius
Rhode Island
Gibraltar
Jamaica Barbadoes
Tobago
2
Manus haec inimica tyrannis
4
Peace with America War with all the World
Nummi *BRACKETED* post virtutem
9
C-rlt-n
Howe
Ross
Parker
Barrington
Formidable Sr. George Rodney
Ville de Paris
5
S-h
Catches and Glees
A Sow'r Reformation crawls outthorough the Nation An Old Song new set
24 Songs in a Book for a Halpenny
My *Northstrums had almost totally blinded him *BRACKETED* & ruin'd his constitution. The wash tub was a lucky Thought Welcome my Dernier resource Few even of my Friends will know me in the Suds *Erratum lege nostrums
Untaxed Soap 2200 lb.
119 lb.
M-nd-n's *BRACKETED* foul linnen
For Sr J. Delaval
rose as a country gentleman just to say that he had a high opinion of his Majesty's Ministers.
--to nobler sights ------the film removd which that false Gold that promisd clearer sight had bred.
Dr R------M
occulist to his *BRACKETED*
6. H—d
My L--d I have lost the key of the House of Office
7, G-m-n
Where, Where shall I fly
TATERShalf lengthS
All the Hunters & Hounds of a certain great personage now selling off by Auction
Royal Hunt
The Prospect of the glorious restoration of the Temple of Fame
1
2
3
4
1 l'Empereur accablé de chagrin, à la nouvelle que lui apporte un Courrier 2, du Prince Charles qui lui annonce la deffaite de ses armées; et l'arrivée prochaine des Français à Vienne. 3. Un Palfrenier présente à sa Majesté la monture de l'humble Jesus et l'invite à prendre la fuite avec le peu qui lui reste. 4. Beaulieu voulant jetter par la Croisée un émissaire Anglois pour se venger en sa personne, des malheurs dont ces perfides insulaires ont accablé sa malheureuse patrie
Attic Miscellany
Excise Laws | Commutation Act
To the Artillery Ground
Como
Calais
Buck! Buck! - how many Horns do I hold up?
E'en as many as you please!
J
The Scourge
Power
Consistency
Par *BRACKETED* ary Re *BRACKETED* m Thatch'd Ho *BRACKETED* Tavern
This justly admired fountain \\ was greatly improved \\ and the present \\ Statue \\ erected in the Year \\ MDCCLXXXII.
Marriages, Leases, Insurance, Almanacks, News Papers, Game, Houses, Carts, Dice, Receipts, Windows, Bricks, Tiles, Horses
Licenses, Cards, Wax Candles, Vellum, Paper, Parchment, Dressers of Hides, Servants, Hawkers and Pedlars, Callico Printers, Brewers of Small Beer, Auctioneers, Apprentices, Clerks, Burials, Wine, Rum, Tea, Cocoa, Bonds, Hair Powder, Promissory Notes, Four-wheel Carriages, Attornies, Agreements
Lottery Offices, Wills, Inventories, Spermaceti, Soap, Starch, Tobacco & Snuff, Letters of Attorney, Drays and Waggons, Medicines, Drafts, Makers of Tallow Candles, Brewers of Strong Beer, Hats, Bills of Exchange, Bachelors, Coffee, Gin, Brandy &c &c &c &c &c. &c.
Extraordinary Gazette
Nelson's Victory
sure I cannot see clear?
Buonaparte
Captured IX French Ships of War
2 Burnt
I can't hear! I can't hear.
complete Destruction of Buonaparte's Fleet -  OPEN>> , saying,  OPEN>> It's all a damn'd Lye
£
Capture of Buonaparte's Dispatches
I shall Faint, I.I.I.
Republican Briefs
Nelson & the British Fleet
what a sickening Toast!
End of the French Navy - Britannia Rules the Waves
End of the Irish Rebellion
ah! our hopes are all lost
I must lock up my Jaw!
List of the Republican Ships Taken and Destroy *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . *BRACKETED* Fox, in the lower right corner, hangs by a noose, having just kicked a stool from under his feet; his crisped fingers have dropped a paper:  OPEN>> Farewell to the Whig Club
and I, - end with Éclat!
pigmy scraper wi
Great is the Truth and it shall prevail
Admiral Keppel Honorably Aquited From A False and Malicious Accusation By A Court Martial And His Claim To Victory Established Febr 11th MDCCCIX *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* A winged female figure holds a wreath over a bust portrait of Keppel. An Ensign flag inscribed  OPEN>> Vice of the Blue
Hon. Augustus Keppel
See Victory is Not Compleat The Vice has Crippled Both her Feet.
Log.
Sir H-----s *BRACKETED* Privy Councillor
Be So Good To Explain What you Mean By A Rumour You Never Heard Off
Pox On This Log Tis Such a Clog On A Free Swearer's Conscience Twill Make him Stare Swear and Forswear And Spout Ridiculous Nonsense
Log Book
Coventry
Sir H------Himself
We Only Waited Sir Hugh Pallisers Coming-Down to Re-Attack The French
With Marling Spike I Knot and Splice With Log Book Vampt Up Wondrous Nice With H------ds *BRACKETED* Orations And Advice Keppel Die And Triumph Vice
Log Book Formidable
I Hold A Ships Log Book Sacred
They Kick Them About the Orlop
How Came Those Three Leaves Cut Out of This Book From the xxv To The xxviii
Formidable
Fox
Fox Cheerd The Formidable First
Being On The Forecastle Can You Say There Was No Cheer From The Poop or Quarter Deck of The Formidable
Richard's himself again
Change, and I must say this is a rascally trick although it does not proceed from the Trade. The Devil, nude, with webbed wings and barbed tail, flies over Thornton's head, extending his talons towards him and the group of  OPEN>> bears
Butter
Bread
Call again Tomorrow, Call again Tomorrow, Can't you,! can't you!,
Petition of the dutiful Citizens of London praying the cond *BRACKETED* of the...
Humble Petition of the Hamshire Hogs
Petition from Essex Calves
Petition from the...
Petition from the Lincolnshire Geese Humbly...
Petition of the Welch Goats
R—l Sceptre
To Hertford
Come up you idle fellow, I'll make you Drive it Home!—you shall remember pushing your Hobby in Hertford!!!
Oh dear Fred.—this is tight work for a P—e of my Constitution! I do not think I shall be able to Push it Home.
Ha! ha! it is rather troublesome George.—but my Hobby is one of 10,000!!!
Apollo
W - hen Phidias or Raph'el shall chuse to repair, I - ncog to our fine modern Artists
Morning Journal
chickens
Commn Prayer with Omissions
Tax on Receipts
Persevere my dear Lord, don't mind the Canaille - the Tax won't affect me
Memoirs of a fine Gentleman
so Charly Says
My Lord it will throw Trade in Confusion
Aye, and if this is allowed, Perhaps next year you'll stamp the whole Compting house apparatus - Tax receipts - Zounds! you might as well Tax Venison & Turtle
What if I make my Mark - I must pay for it
I suppose, as how, you'll Tax complimentary Cards, by and by!
Humbly Dedicated to Sir Cecil Wray, Bart
"Cedant Arma Toga
With Law's proud emblem glittering in this hand, Who dares the Champion of Reform withstand? Go, Bloodless Warriors! seek your Chiefs, & say The stern School Master's in the Field to-day
Pro Rege, Lege Grege
"He said, and hasty o'er the gasping throng
Drives the swift steeds; the chariot smokes along.
My dear Sir—I am rejoiced to see you—I hope your lovely family are well—You are a charming Man—correct in every point—in short your countenance is an index to your mind.
You certainly are flattering me—here is your Rent.—as to my family—thanks to the Lord, my Wife, and all the brats, be gone to kingdome come.
NB. The representation of, the astonishing strength & Influence of the Rays from the Rising-Sun, is taken from Sir Isaac Newtons Theory of Light.
Rising-Sun
Broad-Bottomites
No-Bottomites
bottom
I ll get lave to walk back again—aney how.
To Morg . . .
D O'Connell
2
Beef \\ Soup, Credit \\ Contra, Import \\ ation
Dis \\ Count, En \\ tries, Capital \\ Ditto, Pudding \\ Frogs, Equal \\ ising, Dut \\ ies
Embargo
Edict
Gâllant
Gallânt
Prejudi *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , the left on one inscribed  OPEN>> Reciprocity
C \\ ustoms, Cargo \\ Freight, Policy Posted \\ Honored Faith, Expo \\ rtation, Drawback Credit \\ Oak Advance
O'Brien's Irish Sermon
augh, ye carneying thieves, you'll all be damn'd for it, as the methodists say, ... for who the devil is to find you in absolutions and indulgences for nothing at all at all . . .
a half-naked Hibernian
Dam-it didn't you tell me you would not touch the Crown
Oconnell for ever
Hunt for ever
Go it my boys we shall soon have it all our own way
Burdett for ever
I am afraid I can't make a Jump of it
Down with your head
fiery tail
Hectora quern laudas, pro te pugnare juneto *BRACKETED* Militia est operis altera digna tuis. *BRACKETED* praise, go warring in your stead; 'tis the other campaigning befits your prowess. Loeb.] Ovid.
This
One
French
How I dress'd them!
I too,
have dressed men in my time.
Bl.
Reg.
*BRACKETED* my
Bl.
Reg.
my
Bl.
Reg.
me
Bl.
Reg.
Bl.
Reg.
Bl.
Reg.
your
mine
Bl.
Reg.
my
not
George le Siffle!
Bl.
Reg.
Charge!
Pl. I. Meeting the Coach
Indeed Sir I bespoke the place a riding backwards makes me ill
Cant help that ve vos here first
What Cant be Cured must be endured
riding backwards
Crossing the Channel
Steam Boat paddles broke, taken out in boats—night drawing on—new Hat drawing off—
Almost sick not quite
Carried on shore at Calais. In a misty morning after being becalmed all night on board a French Fishing Smack
Everyone has their Troubles
On Calais Pier. French Nuisances
Sare your keys
My Lor Anglais Je be le conducteur—Je parle anglaise—Je—carry de portmanteau de luggage—Je show mi lor de office publique
Pardonnez moi Sare magnifique Hotel de Anglais
Money Changer
Obtaining Passports, or Pictures written
Let see, P. Pickle Esqr Gent. Travelling—pleasure— *BRACKETED* Five feet two—en bon point—eyes grey. Specs *BRACKETED* nose long, turned up—mouth small, face round, toute ensemble, Innocente
Innocent—damme I wonder if they'll dare to call me Innocent
Pay your money Sare & make you begone
Come Gentlemen, her's Cut and come again, what are you about Don Diego? you dont seem to relish it!!
No - I've lost my appetite.
Ah! - my dear friend - Jackey Roast Beef - Begar I be glad to see you.
I will put one slice in my Pouch for mine Frow - there is nothing like having an Eye to business
Jany 1st 1819
How Cam you so! i.e. in that Hobble?
a new song in Defence of the People corrected—Oh John Hobbs
Grecian Establish *BRACKETED* —Co *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , to look intently at a fat Turk who stands in profile to the right, elaborately dressed and holding a long pipe with smoking bowl. The door, partly cut off by the right margin, is flanked by a Corinthian pillar and set in a wall on which are placards:  OPEN>> This . Shop!!! will shortly open under entire new Management—Vivant *BRACKETED* Rex
Loan
What have you taken the Shop? well if you take my advice you will not give Your Customers too much Credit for I can tell you they are a queer set to deal with by the bye they nearly ruined me—and mind that you look sharp after your Shopmen
We ought to have had the honours of war for we have stood a long Siege
I leave the Castle as clean as Soap can wash
There are stores in the Castle but the Specie is almost spent
We have held out like veterans
These hot Patriots deserve cooling in a Spanish Inquisition
My Lord they are guilty of an Assault, or I do not understand Law
It is better to surrender than hold out and lose our heads; Our fate is not the hardest, we have got something, and lost neither head nor limb; G. Conway's attack carried all before it
Well I shall be no more plagu'd with combined fleets
We were overpower'd by numbers
Let us be resign'd to the fortune of war
I am sorry we have lost Brimstone Hill
We shall have no more golden Eggs for Fox has got the goose
General Conway for ever
Fox for ever
Keppel for ever
For our Country let us be vigilant
Let us be vigilant and faithful
There must be much better œconomy
We must watch the Combin'd Fleet like a Hawke
We shall silence the Dutch
Early Intelligence must be attain'd
I hope we shall reconcile America
We must shew the Monsieurs old English play
Placemen and salaries must be reduc'd
No contractor must sit in Parliament
We shall do pretty well with half their Salary
The old Garrison and Placemen are marching out, the new Garrison and new Placemen are marching in. Success to Old England
Articles to be observed by the Garrison
All the Privates to remain in the Garrison.
All the principal Officers to march out, not allowed the honours of war.
They shall lay down their Titles and Symbols of honour where they received them.
They shall not enter any of his Majesty's Fortifications eccept it be the Tower.
They shall be accountable for the Specie expended in Government Castle.
Their parole shall be from Government Castle to Tower hill, and from Tower hill to Temple bar and no farther, till they shew satisfactory accounts
Stand back - Stand back A Ring a Ring
keep back
10 Guineas my Man does him
done d--mme
Good Lord Deliver us \\ we beseech thee to hear us \\ have mercy on us \\ help us \\ against our enemies \\ from all dangers
by Job this is the most Silent fit she ever had, it was her love for her spiritual Instructor
If this wont do there is no thing can
Here lies Broughton
I thought this had been the Resurrection
A Sketch for an Altar Piece for the Church at Hendon
O peuple aveugle et endormi! . . . C'est la liberté qui a formé pour ton éducation cette verge salutaire. . . .
Ezekiel
Dickey Gossip Dickey Gossip, is the Man.
a Treasurey Box
Intrist of public cash for P------ use
To Edinburgh
Not my Dog
Cease rude Boreas blustering railer Trust your fortunes cure to me *BRACKETED* hear the mesmates dismal story One Tuck'd up, the other run aWay.
I supose he as catch'd the mange from the Dun Dog
This mange seems to be a catching disorder however we shall soon stop its raging by this means
Oh------h------hi
Editor's Box
No Surrender
An Auful *BRACKETED* Warning
Punch
Vice
Taxland's Sun
Satirist
Change *BRACKETED* . This is allusive; not all the animals mentioned *BRACKETED* can be traced in the plate. Some are recognizable, though poorly characterized. A vaulted menagerie is open at one end *BRACKETED* , admitting slanting rain and a box-like van completely covered with bills on which animals are depicted. The showman, Grey *BRACKETED* , in a dress roughly resembling that of a herald, has two heads and is  OPEN>> Signor Double-Tête
Here's your Raree-Show!!! Tumble up Ladies and Gem'men, here we are all alive and kicking!
Great Natural Curiosities & most wonderful wonders from all parts, just arrived - all alive alive alive O!!!
The Great Egyptian Camel
a sinecure stomach
More Pigs than Teats
a Wynny Welch Goat called the Squeaker
from Folkestone
feeds on strawberries
A singular weazel from New-port in Ireland
the political ferret
Abercrombie
Tapir or Hippopotamus
conspicuous . . . from the extreme clumsiness of its  OPEN>> motion
dry land
Ursine sloth
Wonderful Bedford
Boroughs
Golden Vulture
50,000
60,000
The Rugged Russian Bear
The Astonishing Bear, sent from literati in Iceland to Lord Darnley
Foul weather foul weather coming,
kept for some time in the Tower
A swallow larger than an owl
builds extensive nests
Yorkshire Macaw
a curious mockbird
Portugal
pelican of the wilderness
bought by Childe Harold, having a low melancholy note, and, though in some respects disagreeable, is yet a  OPEN>> rata avis
from America *BRACKETED* landed at  OPEN>> Liverpool
broom
a blue fox
A wolf  OPEN>> Hunted
A Mad-Dog, cured of the Hydrophobia in  OPEN>> Bark-shire
A  OPEN>> green goose
wood
Magpie
A  OPEN>> Viper
Pugilism Extraordinary
Moncrief
Oh! Monsr Grief!!!
Boxing Extraordinary—or—a NOBLE fall—!!!!!!
When taken to Be well Shaken
Paines bones
Pol: Reg.
Cuning
Dishonesty
the public informer
All shun the raging Dogstar's sultry heat, And from the half unpeopled Town retreat
The Sun's perpendicular haul *BRACKETED* . Illumines the depths of the Sea, And the Fishes beginning to sweat. Cry bless us! how hot we shall be.
Venison ready roasted
Cold Comfort N° 1
Cold Comfort N°2
Good dry Pasturage to Let Apply to A. Brook
The Fly that sips treacle is drown'd in the sweats
A Gallopping Consumption
Waiting for Dinner
Ditto. Ditto
A night at Gourock
these times make people thin, their very flesh | Weary of solid firmness melts itself
of order from Lord Rollo to the magistrates of Glasgow to attend the Pretender's standard
RCW
Old Closh
Monmouth Street
Visit to my Aunt's Husband
Auction Unredeemed Pledges
A peg lower
Lower Still, to be continued
28 years of age. 5 feet 6 inches high, native of Champagne, France
Rather windy, or so
Bow wow wow
In consequence of the above Melancholy case of Hydrophobia the inhabitants are
Representation of the Scottish Arms, cut in oak... Holyrood Chapel...
To correspondents.
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
The High Pavement
The Aldermans Hobby
The Sailors Hobby
The Jews Hobby
Old Clothes
The Doctors Hobby
Mortar
The Ireishmans Hobby
John Bulls Hobby
Rump of Beef 4p. lb.
Porter
The Welchmans Hobby
Cheese
The Real Dandy Hobby
The best Store in the Ordnance
The Political Showman
C. Artois
D. Crillon
gun-boats
'Gainst Elliot the French, & the Spaniards, Combin'd Are Throwing their Stink Pots you see from behind That the Garrison's Safe you must own is no Wonder For all that they do is but F--t--g at Thunder.
Memoirs
the three Graces
cellist whose head is formed by the head of the  OPEN>> cello which he is playing. The scroll forms his *BRACKETED* hair, the pegs are transformed into side-curls; features have been added, so that the strings seem to issue from his mouth. He wears knee-breeches and is plainly dressed. Beside him *BRACKETED* is a table with a decanter of  OPEN>> Port
Rights of Man
Liberty
The sight of one of the most despicable of God's creatures trumpling *BRACKETED* down the dearest rights of mankind, and crushing with impunity the rising liberty and prosperity of millions, is one of the most melancholy and degrading spectacles in existence and the miserable would-be-despot and the wretched monkish faction who has urged him into so much perfidy and folly, are likely to be driven into merited obscurity
Very pretty this fashion of wearing Whiskers! very pretty indeed! We'll have 'em in the Pulpit, at the Bar, and on the Stage and the world shall venerate the dear little angelic creature that introduc'd 'em.
I am no judge, child, but I think they wear a sign of courage and manhood!
They say the love of Whiskers originated with a Queen of Navarre, and some squeamish ladies of her time insisted on it that very indecent ideas were floating in her mind when the sight of those of the Sieur de Croise threw her into such extacy. What's your opinion, Mama?
My Whiskers curl as naturally as the hair of a French Lap Dog. Colonel Mc Brawn friz'd em up for me this morning.
It is the first time, my dear Lady Ar--her, of my wearing Whiskers, and upon my honor I think Man or Woman nothing without 'em.
Do I look like a Witch upon a Mount's Edge now?
Damn the fashion I hate it abominably it makes a man look so like a Jew!
Blow me out of the water if ever I saw such a collection of Quizzes in my life! I wish little Pickle *BRACKETED* was here.
They tell me, Lady Cecilia, I look like the renowned Plenipotentiary!
Pon my honor, Old Q, you look monstrous handsome!
This is but an old fashion revived Sherry, almost all the Portraits in Bedford House have Whiskers. I beg the Ladies pardons they are not whisker'd on the upper lip.
Is n't she a nice woman, Swellbelly, but, blast the Whiskers, they spoil her bewitching smile
Les Anglaises pour rire
The Rich.
What the poor mans Grave used to be—
Here Lies A Poor but Honest Man
What the poor mans Grave is to be.
Desected Remains May be Shot here
Whats to become of the Grave diggers.
Church Yard to Let on Building Lease
Application to the Jailer.
The Body of your Daughter—You an't going to Gammon me—I'm not to be done out of my dues we sold her.
Wholesale Market for Carcasses.
Workhouse
Jail
Fresh every Day
Any thing in my way to day Governor? got a Nice fresh Old Woman | 10 ½ pr Pound.
What do ye buy—buy—buy—Cheap & good here—No Kagmag—buy—buy—buy.
Nice Fat Murderer Just Dead.
Hospital
0/6pr Pound
Kings Bench
Application to the Overseer.
Your Friends eh? do you suppose we are to keep a parcel of rascals in our House to be Buried like their Betters—No no they are cut up long before this.
Retail Dealer.
Dr Rawhead want afore quarter and some Inside.
Dismal times—for the Undertakers.
Drop one Half-penny.
We are starving & can be Mutes no longer.
Studying.
Caligula
Nero
D'Enghein
Religion
Is this French Faith
The Plank
Janus
Francais, de l'Arbre de la Liberté, I'l ne vous reste que l
The Chronologist. N° 1
We had better cut his throat
Hold fast Addle, D—n him how he kicks
Justice and Reform
True Son
English Pot
Brazil Pot
Sweedish Pot
The Last Stage of Humiliation
Bark
Don't be shy Gentlemen - I have just three pots to spare, and I am sure they will suit you.
Avast heaving you little lubber, do you think I dont know you for all your great wig - take care Master Doctor we dont bring you to pot!!
Map of the Brazils
Austr *BRACKETED* Pot
Russia *BRACKETED* Pot
Legion of Honor
Prussian Pot
Legion of Honor
Treaty of Ti *BRACKETED* t
Dutch Pot
Popish Pot
cit
cit
Two-Penny Post
the old king of bohemia
Bill for Catholic Emancipation
Price List of Indulgences
Swallow, THIS Johnny & the Catholics will soon have another dish for you!
Toms
You see Mr Bull the case is simply this If you do so, I'll do so!
O! O!
BROOK
be brought to bed
Harriet's Ghost!!!
. . . behold me
France
Golfe of Venice
Italy
Espagne
Pologne
Amsterdam Pres Unie
Whestphalia
Polar Star
Assisting in the Assassination of Louis the 16th my Benefactor
Murdering the Citizens of Paris under Roberspierre
Murdering the Citizens of Toulon
Insulting the Pope robbing and plundering the Churches &c &c.
Poisoning my own Sick Soldiers in the Hospital at Jaffa
Murdering the Duke Danguilme
Treacherously betraying the king of Spain and his Family
Murdering the inhabitants of Madrid in cold Blood
Murdering Captain Wright in the Temple at Paris
Marrying two Wives and intriguing with the Daughter of one of them
The Murder of Palm *BRACKETED* of Hoffer &c &c.
Leading 500000 Frenchmen to perish in Russia by the Severity of the Season 1812
Loosing another similar Army the following Year in Germany 1813
Writing lying Bulletins
Loosing all the Colonies Commerce and Shipping
Dutch Comet
And for all these brilliant Exploits am now to be sent headlong to the Devil.
Marie Louise
Roi de Rome
Damnation
Heart of a Tyrant
Vulture
Flags manufactured for the Empress
Vigée
Dally the tall
Vestina£, the goddess of Health who advertised the virtues of the celestial bed *BRACKETED* , sits next her employer, Dr. Graham; they look at each other; she holds a sceptre wreathed with a garland. Jeffery Dunstan, Mayor of Garrat, stands, knock-kneed, with his sack over his shoulder in his accustomed attitude when calling  OPEN>> old wigs
House Ward *BRACKETED* Stre *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Katerfelto, turned in profile to the right, gazes up at the moon through his telescope; in his left hand is a paper,  OPEN>> Wonders, Wonders Most Wonderfull Wonders
are there Mice in the Moon Master
Vanity
Froth
Oh Begar dis be von fine Cargo.
Setts out from Swan with two Necks Lad Lane every Monday Mors.
Who choose a journey to the Moon May take it in our Stage Balloon. Where love sick Virgins past their prime May Marry yet and laugh at time, Perdita --W-----sley Fillies free, Each flash their Lunar Vis a Vis, There N-----th may realize his Dreams, And F--x pursue his golden schemes And Father B------ke may still absolve 'em Howe'er the Devil may involve them; The Pope may plan his Machinations With Panders Quacks & Polititions. Sam House enjoy his Tankard there And Old Wigs still be Garrats May'r Great Katerdevil work his Wonders Spruce Gr --ham launch Electric thunders Vestina too -nor fear a fall Sr Satans Net shall catch ye all So said Monseiur in broken Brogue And up they mounted W-----e and R------e
I'll leave no Stone unturned to serve the Cause
Then you shall have my Plumper - but what says your Calf - mayhap, he's Jealous
Fox
Fox
Fox
Love
Liberty
Fox
Sweep, sweep
Leg of Mutton 10 l. *BRACKETED* Clare Mt *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Behind him and on the extreme right is a placard on a pole, inscribed  OPEN>> Cockspur Street
Bett no Bribe
Surry
Come and Breakfast with me, and vote for Charly - it will be the making of us all if he gets in - he'll do such things - he'll reduce the price of Gin and Porter
derriere
In the Poke
Out the Poke
delicious! delicious
O my dear Creatures, do but Taste it! You can't think how nice it is without Sugar: - and then consider how much Work you'll save the poor Blackeemoors by leaving off the use of it! - and above all, remember how much expence it will save your poor Papa! - O its charming cooling Drink!
To the Masters & Mistresses of Families in Great Britain, this Noble Example of Œconomy, is respectfully submitted
Mont St Jean
...Mort...
Discour aux deux Chambres—Independence—Liberalité— Liberté
Leipsic
Moskow
Espagne
Egypte
Chambre haute
Chambre basse
Manuel
Garat
Çavarie
Dumolar
Merlin de Douay
Labédoyeur
Regnault
yenne *BRACKETED* hortence
Chambre haute
Lafayette
Thibaudeau
Cambon
Borie de St Vincent
Sibué
feix Lepelletier
Mouton Duvernes
nous mourons, sur nos Chaises
Reflections
Miss H. M. W-----s
Though I decline shivering lances in this glorious cause I think I made him feel the full force of a Cat-o-nine tails!
Dr P------e
Cut the Jesuitical Monster in pieces! cut him to the bone! Oh, what a glorious Sacrifice to true religion and the rights of Humanity
Mrs B------d
Let me alone, Doctor for exertion in this business; the most incorrigible Urchin in my School never felt from my hands what this Assassin of Liberty shall now feel!
For God's sake Sherry be merciful
I'll give you a receipt in full by and by, old Loyola
Liberty
Mrs M------y G------m
Tickle may do as he pleases with the pen, but I am determined to tickle to some tune with this instrument in my hands! The hypocrisy of Cromwell was nothing to this turn a bout!
Observations on the Reflections of the Right Hon. Edmund Burke on the Revolution in France, in a Letter to the Earl of Stanhope
H-----e T------ke
Cromwell, madam, was a Saint, when compared with this Literary Lucifer.
Anti-Jacobin Review
Mr Grattan give me leave to introduce Mr Jn° H--gh--'s
I suppose Sir you are an United Irishman
I am
Le Paus
Lord Fitzgerald
Tom Paine
Robespier *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , with a placard:  OPEN>> New Irish Government Liberty and Equality to be introduced by our worthy & disinterested Allies the French
Towers Tracts
Republic
Wakefield
Parr
The Press
The Courier
Christie
Molineux
Pain's Works
Critical Review
Mc Niven
Priestly Works
O'Connor
Constitution of United Irishmen
Copy of the *BRACKETED* of ye Test of Oath
Contract for Pikes
Plan for the destruction of both Houses of Parlaiment Bank & . . by Tone
Dispatches from the French Conventi *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ;  OPEN>> List of united Irishmen in London Hamburg . . .
Charts of the Irish Coast with remarks where foreign troops may be landed with great safety
Art of Assassination
Rise and Progress of Jacobinism
Preparing for Practice. N° 7.
Actual Practice. No 8 *BRACKETED* W H
Practical Results. | At Home N° 9
Abroad. N° 10 *BRACKETED* W H
Present
Mem Pos Jacobs Watt
Future
Notice—Any Person or Persons going over the Railing of the Square will be prosecuted according to Law
The Betting Post
Did you ever hear any thing like it Mr Bull - and do you know they even go so far, as to say I must go out too! - What do you think of that Mr Bull?
Come come - now - that's all Gammon. - No tricks upon Travellers *BRACKETED* . - No - No - must not bite at every thing - it cant be. - D------n me but that's too good news to be true however.
Budget
Tory rory Gold
Sack
Whigs Whigs Brass
How different the Figures which here you behold! The one asks for brass and the other for gold. Each are droll Fellows, 'tis known in their Station, And each of Some Service 'tis hoped - to the Nation
Orders of Government
To Capn Crozer
Barclay
The Speech of Lord Chatham
Pitt
Articles of Association
enemies to liberty
Articles
Cornelius Low the big
Abraham Levingston
Alexander McDugell
John Lamb
Isaac Sears
Bleck Johnno
William Lugg
Antony Griffiths
Francis Van-Dyke
. . . el Broome: Jacobus Vn Zent
Welle Franklin
Thou Patriot grand, maintain thy Stand, And whilst thou sav'st Americ's Land, Preserve the Golden Rule; Forbid the Captains there to roam, Half shave them first, then send 'em home, Objects of ridicule
Saint George's Spa
Cheer up Dear Bud! thy Tears Dispel, You'r Handsome, and may yet do Well.
Pray my Dear go and speak to Sir John in the mean while the Captain & I will push the point in this Quarter.
I'll go this momment. now is the Golden instant so dont be Idle but exert yourselves to have the affair well done & quickly.
Thanks, Sir. I trust your good Lady will Succeed in her Undertaking
I'll no Man call an Ape or Ass Tis his own Conscience holds the Glass Thus Void of all Offence I draw Who Claims ye Subject knows his Flaw
What shall be done with it?
Wear it Your sel my Leard.
No troth I'se carry it to Charly & hel not part with it again Mon!
We in America have no Crown to Fight for or Loose.
Great Britain
America
I have let them quietly strip me of every Thing
I'le take Care of Myself & Family
Treasury
Exchequer
Tierney
Tabbeys
Bet Fox
Fitz
Jordan
Scribblers
The Fulcrum of the Constitution
Broad-Bottom-Measure
Rock of Independence
s s s s *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  at the breeches. There are also mushrooms *BRACKETED* , cucumbers, and a thistle. Three men pull hard at the end of the long pole resting on Paull's head: Cobbett, with  OPEN>> Cobbett's Letters
- Mr Paull is fixed upon a Rock, and be assured he will prove the Fulcrum by means of which the present Broadbottomites will be Overset.
New Planetary System
the People
Egalité
New Scale of Justice - No Taxation - No Bastilles - No Pla *BRACKETED* No P *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . There are three books:  OPEN>> Scheme for a New Patriotic Administration pro bono Publico President Horne Tooke - Ld Chanr - Paul Goose - Secy of State - Sir Francis *BRACKETED* . Ld Cheif Justice. W. Cobbett - Ld Privy Seal Mr Robson *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; this lies open on  OPEN>> Thelwal Lectures
Political Register - Opposition for Ever. Damn the Whigs and Curse the Tories - Amen.
Intended Funeral Oration for the Downfall of the Broad-bottoms by J. Gale Jones.
Fortitude
The Pilot that Weather'd the Storm
O save my Breeches, Heav'n.
Hie Jacet Pater-Broad-bottomos He lent his Raiment to cover the Needy, & to hide his Enemies from Shame, he went Naked to the Grave.
Oh! by Gar! if I could but once put My Foot upon the leaver! - I'd give their Broad-bottoms a Shake with a Vengeance!!!
Gunpo[wder), for the new Expidition.
To that last Hope of the Country, -  OPEN>> the New Opposition
Charley's Old Breeches in Danger
Gazette
New Taxes
Bankru *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , his left hand plunged in his breeches pocket. Behind him on the chimney-piece is a pair of scales for weighing guineas *BRACKETED* . His wife, bald-headed, ugly, and stout, leans back in an arm-chair, her hands raised in protest at an unpowdered wig which a grotesquely thin and ragged French hairdresser *BRACKETED* proffers obsequiously. A fashionably dressed young man with cropped hair looks with imbecile surprise at his reflection in an oval mirror over the chimney-piece. His mouth is half-covered by his swathed neckcloth, he wears a short spencer *BRACKETED* over a sparrow-tail coat, and half-boots. A young woman with over-dressed but unpowdered *BRACKETED* hair looks with dismay at her reflection in a mirror which she has snatched from the wall. On the wall is an oval bust portrait of  OPEN>> Charles 2d
Tickle her well Dad its my turn next.
aye aye I'll lay it into her.
Oh the Young Imp, I'll bring you both to Justice.
A Treatise on the Birch Discipline
Female Flagellants
*BRACKETED* jah Senr
*BRACKETED* jah jun.
Potent Reasons why Judges should avenge themselves
How to Keep Maids under
Suprem Power
Excessive Pride
Degrading Humility
Female Minister Plenipo. Capt. of Dragoons, &c. &c
The spirit of retrenchment gentlemen, will admit of no superfluities
"A new broom sweeps clean
What all—oh! Hell kite, all!—Shakspeare
Burdett & Liberty
...he is no orator, as Brutus was...
Tax upon Income
Staff of Perseverance
What! more Cock-Horseing, an be Da------'d to you - I thought they would ha let I alone this time. Do shove that great big Turk, & The Russian a little lower, or I shall certainly be upset; - the other two ride snug enough, they be used to it! - what be I to do now? - I donna much like my new collar - I wish you would ease un a little.
This is only a little training - should you now be wanted, you shall astonish the World! your collar is very handsome & becoming, I assure you
It's odd these Lubbers wont pay this respect to their own Countrywomen, my Sweet little Pickle
One at a Time Gentlemen & after the Salute I'll show you my Wife's Shoes: the Smallest allowed in England.
Kissing is not much my taste. Whowever for once Ill comply with it.
A Curse on Ceremony how I hate it.
Not unlike the French Queen, but Shorter
Your Nose Bardolph *BRACKETED* may Serve her the office of a Warming Pan, but approach not further, least you may Consume the Whole Court.
Charles, you may rub your mouth to the day of Judgment, you'll never get it clean enough for a Princess.
Hang her for having her Levee this day I was engaged at Mendozas *BRACKETED* - I'll get in readiness however.
my Method master Cripplegate to a T. Fingers were made before Hankerchiefs.
A Damn'd fine Scene this wou'd make for one of our Pantomimes at Wargrave
Sans doubt my Lor. you be de first Bafoon in England I your Second - Ha - Ha - ya ya Yough -  OPEN>> . On the extreme left the Duke of Bedford says to the Duke of Queensberry:  OPEN>> Qy dont let her come on the Blind Side of you.
No by Gad my Lord not for the whole Bedford Estate.
Strong Box
I'll upset the basket
Modesty
Chastity
The Brighton Taylor
Say & seal, I say said & sealed
£2,500
Joys that none but a married man can know - would that there was a Taylor here to measure them, but it would cost five thousand -  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* An old man with a crutch looks round the screen at the lovers, saying,  OPEN>> D------d good Trade Ill go & get married too
His Tail restore, You shall have more
My Famous Pills cure many Ills
Dr Leakes Antivanerial Drops
Oh poor Fox will Loose fits tail
Fox
Westminster Election
Brandy
What's the matter Auntee-Peg, what makes you put on such a long Face?
I was sitting by the Bedside of my smiling-injured-innocent-Lambkin, & holding one of the sweet tender hands of my amiable-gentle-dovelike-Cherub, when her Aunt came into the Room, with a face paler than Ashes, -  OPEN>> What is the matter, Auntee Peg
The Pigeons. Dedicated to all the Flats, and Showing the Artifices, Success and Crimes of Gaming, Gamesters, and Gambling Houses. . . . By the Author of the Greeks. Ninth Edition. London: Printed for J. J. Stockdale No. 41 Pall-Mall. 1817.
Gentlemen you may now take him with safety, his strength is gone, I have cut off his regulation tail, and there is no danger
Reflections on the French Revolution
Reflections on the French Revolution by E Burke
------Do not repent these crimes, For they are heavier than all thy woes can stir; A thousand knees ten thousand years together, Naked, fasting, upon a barren mountain And still Winter, would not move the Gods To look that way thou wert.
"Neither man nor angel can discern Hypocrisy, the only evil that walks Invisible, except to God alone, By his permissive will, through heav'n and earth; -  OPEN>>  Enjoy your dear wit, and gay rhetoric, That have so well been taught her dazling fence, Thou art not fit to hear thyself convinc'd; Yet should I try, the uncontrouled worth of this pure cause would Kindle my rapt spirits to such a flame of Sacred vehemence, that dumb things would be mov'd To sympathize, till all thy magic structures reared So high, Were shattered into heaps o'er thy false head.
This Holy Water, my dear master, shall wash you pure from every stain in the world, ay; and in the world to come by my own soul
Thus fortified I don't fear the Devil nor any of his Imps! No, nor the whole Host of Opposition
6000
Ex Officio
Black Book
Bond
Libertas
Lectures upon the Fall of the Republic by J. Thelwall
By turning it may be Blue or Scarlet at pleasure - the very thing I wanted.
Exactly so Sir - I never saw you look so graceful you bear your blushing honours thick upon you! You are absolutely fit to go to Court - A little tight about the sleeve, but that is owing to the scouring - Should be happy of your recommendation to any of your Friends - We turn Coats at a few hours notice - always employ the best of workmen
Why surely it cant be him he used to wear Blue and Buff!
I tell you I saw him go in - the Coat's only turned - it may be Blue to morrow should occasion require I am told that this is a famous shop in that way
pigeon-holes
Grand Theatrical Bagnio fitted up in the Italian Style Lodgings to Lett for the Season or Single Night
Italian Band from the Opera House
Roomy Pitt for Parsons Poets Presbyterians Quakers Grumblers Tumblers &c &c
Boxes for the Cyprian Corps with Snug Lobby to Ditto
Private Accomodations for the Members of both Houses of P—
Boudoirs pour la Noblesse
Rabbit Hutches 7 Shillings each
Humbug Two Shilling Gallery
Pidgeon Holes for the Swinish Multitude
These are the Boxes let to the Great, That visit the House that Jack built,
Pidgeon Holes
Gullery
rabbit hutches
shew box
Peeping Tom's Box
Bespoke
retired into the Ante Room
Private Boxes 26 in number, with a private room behind each and not connected with any other part of the House. The furniture will be according to the Taste of the Occupants 400 each for the Season
Dowagers Box
Well aired NB a Strong Patent Lock
Box for the Dillitante
The Artist appears to have studied the Simplex Munditiis
These are the Pigeon-holes over the Boxes let to the Great, that visit the House that Jack built—
cellist in the orchestra turns to shout at the rioters. Two placards are held up on poles:  OPEN>> Dickons for ever No Catalani
No Annual Boxes or Italian Singer
Pidgeon Holes
This is the Cat engaged to squall, to the Poor in the Pigeon holes over the Boxes, let . . .
John Bull
thief-taker
This is the Thief taker shaven and shorn, that took up John Bull with his bugle horn, . . .
None of *BRACKETED* Jesuitical tricks you black Monk
Be silent Mr Kemble's head aitches
No Theatrical Taxation No intriguing Shop
Kemble remember the Dublin Tin man
Dickons for ever No Catalani
No Annual Boxes no Italian Singers
This is the Manager full of scorn, who Raised the Price to People forlorn, and directed the Thief-taker shaven and shorn, to take up John Bull. . .
Consular Chair
English Newspapers- \\ English Newspapers!!! \\ Oh, English Newspapers!!! \\ hated & Betray'd by the French! - Despised by the English! \\ & Laughed at, by the whole World!!! \\ Treason! Treason! Treason! Georges! *BRACKETED* Arras! de Rolle! Dutheil! O Assassins!! \\ O! Sebastiani! Sebastiani! Oh! \\ English calumniating Newspapers! \\ British Trade & Commerce! - Oh! Oh! Oh! \\ Treaty of Amiens! - damnation \\ Insolence of British Parliament \\ Oh cursed Liberty of y British press! \\ Malta! Malta! Malta! \\ O Diable \\ the Riches! Freedom! & Happiness, of the British Nation!!! \\ ha Diable! \\ Diable! \\ Diable \\ O- Egypt! Egypt! Egypt! \\ Oh St Domingo! Oh! \\ Oh! the Liberty of the British Press \\ English Blood-hounds! \\ Wyndham! Grenville! Pitt! \\ Oh! I'm Murder'd! - I'm Assassinated!! \\ London Newspapers! Oh! Oh! Oh! \\ Revenge! Revenge! \\ come Fire! Sword! Famine! \\ Invasion! Invasion! \\ Four Hundred & Eighty Thousand Frenchmen \\ British Slavery - & everlasting Chains! \\ everlasting Chains.
Scheme
List of Future Conquests, Turkey - Persia China
pour le Expedition a la Lune
Pour Mettre le Thames en Feu dedié a mi Lord Stanhope
Pour le Hamburg Gazette
Pour le Moniteur
Pour le Argus
Plan for Invading Great Britain with a list of ye Members of the British Republic
Wyndham's Speeches
Cobbett's Weekly Journal
Parliament *BRACKETED* Debates
Anti-Jacobin Review
de Peltier
Lloyds
True Briton
Mor . . . Herald
Times
Wilson's Egypt
Debates
Consular Chair
Vide Lord W-----, account of a Visit to ye Thuilleries.
O sacre dieu! de King is escape! de King is escape
Aha! be gar, de King is retaken! Aha! Monsr Lewis is retaken! Aha!
Liberty
Mr Sims
That I am called The man of the People is well known, and is as equally just - I am resolv'd to support their voices, rights, and Liberties. As I am not able to do this by being only a Pratesman, it is requisite that I be made a Statesman, and indeed plac'd in the Treasury to be a close guard of the peoples treasure. The justness of my claim to this honour is, my being, The man of the People. Till this Justice and honour is done me, and this essential service is done the People, my Opponents may expect Researches, Motions and Harangues, for I am determined with my Jaw to knock-down all before me.
1. Some conquer by swords, And some by soft words, And others by Querks of the Law; But this is the Man, That carries his plan, And all by the power of his Jaw. 6. The new Ministration, He fills with Vexation, Both Pitt and the Lord of the Law, He'll work them about, Till he works them all out, And works himself in with his Jaw
Fox
Here lies poor C--C--L--RAY
Look neighbours look here lyes Poor C-------ray *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Fox, his left hand grasping a crutch-headed stick, turning to North, sings  OPEN>> Dead & turn'd to Clay
What Old C------l
The fox who had lost his Tail
Fox and Crow
Fox and Grapes
Taxes! Taxes! Taxes!
New Taxes, Property Tax 10 per Cent, Small Beer Tax, Tax on Servant Maids, Iron tax *BRACKETED* , new Malt Tax, new Window Tax, new Stamp Tax, Hats, Salt, Tobacco, Shoes, Shirts, stock *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Between door and window is a board:  OPEN>> John-Bull, - late Dealer in the Shop-below; - Moved Upstairs: NB - Porter-age done; Shoes clean'd &c.
Taxes? - Taxes? - Taxes? - why how am I to get Money to pay them all? - I shall very soon have neither a House, nor Hole to put my head in.
- a house to put your \\  OPEN>> head in? - why what \\  OPEN>> the Devil should you want \\  OPEN>> with a House? - hav'nt \\  OPEN>> you got a first-Floor-Room \\  OPEN>> to live in? - & if that is too \\  OPEN>> dear, can't you move into \\  OPEN>> the Garret or get into the \\  OPEN>> Cellar? - Taxes must \\  OPEN>> be had, Johnny! - come \\  OPEN>> down with your Cash \\  OPEN>> its all for the good \\  OPEN>> of your dear \\  OPEN>> Country!
Poundage
This Shop to Let Enquire of the Tax Gatherer
New Brewery for the Benefit of the Poor - C.J. F - in ye Chair - Resolved . . .
Erected 1806 C.J Volpone *BRACKETED* - Overseer
Whitbreads Entire
Home-Brew'd Small-Beer Ten Shillings a Barrel Duty
Broad-bottom Pop-Shop
Pension
Sinecure
Eh Messieurs! qui payera l'Ecot?
Buonaparte
Descends, descends, Georges l'a voulu, Georges payera tout
C'est Georges quand il sera reveillé
Oui c'est lui qui paye pour nous
Je me Sauve.
Paris
Calais
Canal libre
Douvres
Londres
Jaurais du mettre de l'eau dans mon vin. Ah! Pitt.
off, off, no Second Performanc of this Harlequin Chiff - Duck him Duck him in the Lake
D------ him I'll Hunt him like a mad Bullock, if he Escapes me again may I be bung'd in a Beer Butt.
Gentlemen dont Trouble yourselves with him, we'll send him from Bedford to Coventry.
Scene. Bow Street - with Lying Jack answering a charge of abuse & Blackguardism
Blacksmith
Bookseller
Wright. W. against *BRACKETED* ...
Lying-Jack
Oh! God dang it, - your Worship, do take bail, your Honor tw'ant my fault please your Majesty, that I com'd the Black-guard over him: - God dang it, didn't he say that his thing was printed before mine? & that all my things were only Copies & piracies? - God dang it, your Worship, Ax Almon ye Bookseller if I was a Blackguard all the while I was a Porter! - or ax ye people where I & Wife kept a small-coal Cellar in Leather Lane if I'm a Blackguard! - God dang it, was I act like a Blackguard when I let that Cooper the Printer, pull me by the Nose, only for saying he was a Liar? - god dang it, your honor, was it like a Blackguard when I offer'd to beg Ridgeway's pardon, after he had kick'd my own Arse in my own Shop? - but I sees how the Booksellers all hates me! & wants to ruin me! - & says I lives by only Copying other peoples works your Worship! -  OPEN>> tho' I only  OPEN>> bridges 'em! - yes your Worship, they all hates me; & respires against me: & calls me Lying-Jack, your honor, - & Filching Jack the Plagurist! - & Stock'ee Jack the Informer! your honor - ah Gad dang it! Gad dang it, - they'll be my ruin your Honor! Gad dang it Gott damn. . . . *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  From his pocket hangs a paper:  OPEN>> Speech of the Lord Chanr of Ireland
Ways & Means
Sandford & Merton
G Nicol... Abridgd Embassy to China
D. Cox, Piracy
Harpers Pamphlet
Philanthropic Society
Lying-Jack his Knot
Lying Jack the Thief Taker
Perjury
Injuntion *BRACKETED* of the Court of Chancery agains Lying Jacks copy
Original Map of the Island of St Domingo by W. Faden. Charing Cross
View of Richmond Hill
This may save him
last shift
I see the Hustings
thank God I am an outside Passenger
A foul wind is fair for us
O come sweet Air Balloon or I must off in one
Lows
The grand political Balloon launched at Richmond Park on the of March 1784 and discharged by secret influence with great Effect in Covent Garden at 12 O Clock on the same day. As it may be necessary to explain to the Public upon what principals a body was conveyed 12 Miles with so great velocity it must be understood that the lady tho ponderous being of a very Volatile disposition, out of decency sewed up her petticoats when a little accident happening an inflammable Gas was generated which immediately raised her to a considerable height in the Atmosphere and by the attraction of secret influence was convey'd to her desired Object.....the support of Hood and Wray and the constitution and descended happily to the Hustings with two outlying and dependent Voters
Song, Tune Bellisle March
I Tho
G.R.
With entire New Music, Dances, Dresses, Scenery, Machinery &c &c. The principle Characters to be supported by most of the great Potentates in Europe, Harlequin by Mr Napoleon, Clown by King Wirtemberg, Pantaloon Emperor of Austria. To conclude with a Comic Song to be sung by the Pope and a Grand Chorus by the Crown'd Heads. Vivant Rex et Regina
Louis le Bien Aimé
Clown
Pantaloon
Columbine
Welcome as the morn to this lonely Cot is My darling C—n—tess *BRACKETED* .
Sold by S.W. Fores, 50. Piccadilly
*BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Hunt and Cobbett, both with large white feathers erect in their top-hats, flee towards an open door beyond which the head of a staircase is indicated. They are pursued by a good-looking man with clenched fists and in the attitude of a boxer, who is in the centre of the design. Behind him *BRACKETED* are four supporters, one a bottle-holder. Hunt's feather, the larger, is  OPEN>> The Emblem of Cowardice
Hunt hiss'd out of Bristol—
I can't fight & I wont fight—I can only talk about fighting if my Speeches don't strike & my arguments can't knock you down—I have no other remedy left but to run away!! —so here goes!
Cobbetts Register
Run for your life my Boy! Shew them a Real Hunt!!— fighting will only degrade your high—Political Character! the fellow is only hire'd by the Magistrates to thrash us I'll expose the Rascals in my two-penny Register!! —I'll dip my pen in Gall & damme work 'em all.
"Look at the white feather
Put his head in Chancery & stop his jaw, talking won't do here
ha! ha look at the white feather.
He that fights & runs away
May live to fight another day.
Political Register
Virtue
Vice
Riot Act
Who's for Almacks to Night my Lords
Ron honor confounded ill!
Yau—ah—h—h! ho!
Ovid's Art of Love
Damn this green Bag *BRACKETED* I shall be too late.
A slap at slop
Satirist
Kitchen Stuff
But shall we have all the Kitchen stuff?
Ay all the Kitchen stuff?
Take every dab of it, if that will do you any good.
Your honour shall not part with a single pennyworth of it.
Take the advice of an old friend and don't throw away Your mop in a hurry.
This is a better job than a hanging match—double fees for this, I shall have the head dissected
He has forfeited all claims to honor and consistency, and shall no longer disgrace this place
Down with him; off with him
Hangman do your duty, as I hope every Englishman will
"Mary, Sir, they have committed false report—moreover they have spoken unthruths
Ministerial Badger
Poor Badger! Where's your scrub majority now!
A fig for your Electors! Mountmorres is acquainted with the whole bunch and he swears you'll find them, my cunning Fox, sour grapes in the scrutiny.
I shall burst with indignation
Ensign of Disappointment
Key of the Back Stairs
John Churchill, the Select Committee are only sorry to see the friends of the Court Candidates so very angry at this period of the Poll, as they will probably stand in need of some portion of temper at the close of it. With this caution they leave the Committee at Wood's at full liberty to rave about bribes and bludgeons, perjuries and butchers, lodgers and wounds, weavers and cleavers, and according to their own discretion to decorate their advertisement with all that election quackery suggests in desperate cases. By order of the Committee R. Morrell, Secretary.
Charley Fox with a Plumper for me!
Fox with a Plumper for me!
an unalterable friend to the rights of the People. I am with every sentiment of gratitude and respect, Gentlemen Your most obedient, And most humble servt C. J. Fox. St James's St April 26 1784
Fox & Liberty
Fox
I say why we are dish'd I am quite done up, shan't have enough left to carry me to London again,
I'll take care they shall never catch me so far North again we shall get the Name of Knavesmire Flats,
Why Mr Flint you must have a Heart of Stone to beat a pretty Woman and make me lose my Money,
I came a great way in expectation of seeing something it is impossible she could win with those things on
Aye as you say those trowsers are a great disappointment
Oh dear Oh dear how I am disappointed Why there is more to be seen in Hyde Park on a Sunday, I dont care if she does lose
True Quassia Free from Taxation
Kill-Devil *BRACKETED* for ever
Quos-sia
Apoplexy
Palsy
Consumption
Debility
Colic
Stupor
Dropsy
Scurvy
Dysentery
Hæmorrhoids
Hydrophobia
Idiotism
Pro bono Publico - Quassia for Ever, - No Hops! no Malt! Down with all the Private Breweries! - Kill-Devil and Quassia for Ever!
Receipts to make a Cauliflour Head
Quassia for Ever
Grains from the Quassia Breweries for the New Piggery
Tax upon Private Brewer *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  and  OPEN>> Tax upon Maid-Servants
No Private Breweries - Impeachment of Malt & Hops! No Scotch Barley
To be Sold for Fire-Wood
chapeau-bras
These Species of Insects, of late are become exceeding numerous, {like the Green Louse, when first brought to Amsterdam, from a single one, has proceeded such Swarms as to be of alarming Consequence) their Colours
& cast their Coats like the Camelion, sometimes to ten different Shades of a day, it is difficult to distinguish the Male of these Reptiles from the Female, as the Voice & Manner approaches nearer to the Feminine than Masculine. Liquor they are peculiarly fond of, and when in a State of Inebriation are so troublesome, that it requires a stout Cane to keep them from stinging you. They are in being all the Year round, are chiefly to be found in the Boxes of the Theatres, Publick Gardens, Concerts, &c. You may hear them long before they come to View, by a shrill squeak of Bern me, Gad Zounds, Blood & Thunder, D------m'd Boar & such Phrases. The celebrated Linneus attributes their Generation to the Putrified Essence of Lavender, Bergamot, Marchalle Powder, Violets, Pomatums, Snuff, Grease &c. &c. Although their first Appearance has a terrible Aspect, they are as harmless and inoffensive, when sober, as New Born Babes. A Buckling of this Species, differs from a Buck, much in the same manner as a Hornet to a Wasp
The Treasury Tub
Premier
National Tub
Treasury Tub
The cask sounds empty & well it might be my Lord for we & our Friends have long been drawing from it
C Fox's Cock, Cock Royal
This Cock for Private Services
For C. Fox to be left at the Rattle Box Hazard Row till called for
For Mr Deputy Secretary to be left at the Vicar of Bray
Lord No . . .h's Cock; Election Bribe & Pension Cock
Admiralty
A Plenum in my Cask I shew, with Plus & Plus behind Sir; and now that Cask runs minus low A Vacuum some will find Sir
A Frog he would a wooing go
Wanted immediately 1000 Image Makers Portuguese Artists will be preferred.—Apply to the Secretary of the Turncoat Office Whitehall.
Popish
You till—I tie,
Jack one day will say,— I doubt your you till—I tie *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . They have a makeshift flag inscribed  OPEN>> True Liberty
the W—stm—nster hack
Hob's House
Keeping it up
A Good Customer
There's a ten pound note, Maria: I cannot be as liberal as I used to be for money is very scarce.
Your Lordship is very good. When shall I have the pleasure of seeing your Lordship again? pray let it be soon for I love you dearly.
Lust and Avarice in the hands of a Tarter
tarter
Send your watch to the Pawnbroker's this minute for a couple of guineas or I'll blow you to hell you old Quiz.
Bless me! I thought I'd half a guinea but I find I've but half a crown and some halfpence. . .
A sham Arrest
Dear Sir, for mercy's sake dont let me be taken to Prison - tis only for forty pounds - your heart is the seat of every virtue, and your generosity at this time will be registered in heaven!
Damn me, Tom, she was right, the Flat melts, There's an Abraham Newland *BRACKETED* peeping out of his pocket book already.
Captain O Rafferty not to be had
Go kiss it's Papa darling
My Child! all bothor! . . . 'tis but five months since I first saw your sweet face, my honey, and though we do things surprisingly in Ireland, Yet by my soul I never saw a son and heir of five months growth before!
A Masquerade Adventure
Angels and Ministers of grace defend us! I took you in Masquerade for an Hebe by all thats beautiful! but you are a perfect Witch of Endor damn me!
A Disagreeable Surprise.
Damnation! my Wife of all beings! what the devil brought you here madam.
The very thing that brought you here, my sweet Sir, come, come, put your horns in your pocket and say no more, tis only trick upon trick.
Here's a discovery with a vengeance! Introduce a gentleman to his own Wife!
A Bilk
Arra stop my beautiful angel, till I sell my commission - you put yourself in a great passion for nothing at all at all! by my soul there's many a woman would thank me for my company. . .  OPEN>> . She answers:  OPEN>> Come, come, my noble Captain, as you call yourself, I'm not to be queerd with your pallaver! The key shan't turn in this door till I'm satisfied. You're the most noted bilk in London, but d--m my eyes if you shall bilk me!
Die Schlüsselgewalt
Die Weiberherrschaft
Poor Hob in Sharp's Alley
I'll shake your soul out you hobnail if you dont give me half a crown! Hollo! Bob Blunderbuss, come settle accounts with this sixpenny Buck!
Oh Lord! Oh Lord! the Gentlewoman at the door told me it would cost me but sixpence and a Glass of Gin
I'll teach you to insult Ambassadors Master Bouncing B,
I'll not be treated in this way I will have my own way in every thing.
To be taken in a proper vehicle
Behold the Progress of our System
Mercy on me what a terrible fellow I think I am tolerably safe here!
D------m me but I'll put your Cavalry to the hop, - I only wish I could find out your commander.
Eau de Cologne
Dandi, Dando, Dandum
Order of Puppyism suspended in French Siffener
Coat of Arms. Azure. The Sexes impaled improper between two Butterflies—Two flanches; on the dexter *BRACKETED* flanch three pair of Stays, argent, the sinister flanch charged with Rouge Pomatm & smellg bottle, On the Canton, Dexter *BRACKETED* a frill rampant in the sinister Canton a false collar rampant—small cloaths passive in pile supported by pins—Supporters—Two Monkies—proper— Crest, a pr of Stays full padded—supporting a Cravat & Collar Rampant proper, holding a blockhead argent & gules, winged with asses ears proper the whole under cover of a Sable Bever.
The *BRACKETED* ly Bible to John
Mind, Sir, what you are about, you are on your Oath - If you swear falsely I'll have you indited for perjury! You have more money than you know what to do with and it is my duty every year to put you in the best way of disposing of it. None of your paltry tricks of the last year to evade this tax - Don't I know your affairs better than you do yourself
Indeed. I tell you the truth Measter Billy, I have only got a few tiny Zeven shilling spangles, and zome little soft bits of One Pound peaper; I ha na indeed now
Go it ye Mongrels!!! ye can't call this any thing but Partial while I keep a Bit in your Mouths
. . . AN
To Chesshire
Chester
Manchest *BRACKETED* Wagg *BRACKETED* Chesshire Tarvin *BRACKETED* and all parts of the Kingdom
Roast Beeff & no Bony Part
Showing the Necessity of Reform in the Close Boroughs.
List of the Voters agst Lord— *BRACKETED* Daches—To he Turn'd out.
Out with 'em! out with their Beds, I kept them in debt on purpose—they'll vote according to conscience, will they?!!! I'll let 'em know that they are nothing but his Lordship's slaves—and I am slave driver.
*BRACKETED* lington
Dar *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Men, women, and children walk off towards open country, herded by a man in the background who holds up a constable's staff; his hat-band is inscribed  OPEN>> Darli *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . A defeated candidate *BRACKETED* stands hat in hand *BRACKETED* , with right arm extended; he says:  OPEN>> Do not be downcast my lads, there are other House's besides his Lordships—I'll not desert you altho we have lost the Election!
Tregony
St Austle
Very well my hearties very indeed—'pon honor. This lacing is not very agreeable, but it will be fully compensated by the grand dash I shall make at East London Theatre tonight—Oh! I shall be most enchanting! Oh, charming! Oh! delightful! after Ive got a pint of Rowlands Maccassar Oil *BRACKETED* on my head—Pull away! heave away! pull away hearties!!
I say Master Midshipman, I always thought you a little crack-brained; now I'm convinced of it, for as you've turn'd Dandy, that's proof positive—I'ts all up withyou & all I have to say is you're not worth a — quid of tobacco.
My Eyes!! Oh Murder! Ha! ha! ha!! Jack Greathead the cheesemonger's son got stays!!! Well, I've a good mind to get petticoats!—these Dandies are a disgrace to Great Britan—
I say, Mainmast, do you intend to get Stays
Get Stays! Why man I have stays already & have order'd a pair of Buckskin, & 2 pair of Sealskin, what do you think of that eh?!!
Me vid tink Massa vid soon have the Belly ache!!
Huzza! don't flinch my boys tho' he call  OPEN>> Stop
Towler
Swiss Cheese
Keep off Boney
Keep off
Union
Gallic Mongrel
Snarl
I bark at you I bite these
These
Liberty
Signor
Mynheer
They'll certainly hear the news before I reach the long pavement.
Stoney Street
No XV.
London und Paris
as now performing with great applause, by His Majesty's Servants . . . London: . . . Published *BRACKETED* by J. Onwhyn, 4, Catherine Street Strand, . . . Price Two Shillings. 1820.
trial
Bergamot
King
The London Evening Post
Wilkes 2315 Bull 2194 Kirkmn 1949 Plumb 1875 Oliver 119.
struts unconcern'd at Cock Robin's sad tale
Mr P
Heavens! what a pretty little Figure! what a pity that it should want Brains
Woolsack
Teased
Chicken
Hawk
Mr D.
Ld M------n.
Ld W
M. of G.
Ld M
D of R
Mr S
Ld G.
Sir L. K.
Mr R.
A.G
Ld S.
Ld H
S.G.
Master Jenky, Block provider to his M-----y NB Wanted a fresh assortment of Blocks for immediate use
Scene at the Horse Guards
Arm Chest GR.
Now Jack—Brail up his Peepers or Mungo —will tip you Yankey-dodle-do.
I love a bit of hop—Life is ne'ar the worse for it. When in my way do drop—a Fiddle—thats your sort *BRACKETED* .
Grog.
Welldone-—old Mother Baggs—you have got the best bottom after all. see what it is to have a good Constitution—give it her—she has'ent got the Mounshears to deal with now.
Murder ye ould cat kape your fists Tight—or you'I let the Ould Orange-Woman bate ye clane.
Oxford Sauce
Come give us none of your Jaw—Mother peel
Begone Judas
See Articles Union Claim of Rights Protestant Succession
A Protestant Church & King I'll defend
For shame Brother John arise
The Church as in Rev. XII
Popesh Bill
It's quite harmless now Sawney
popish
140,000
No Faith keept with Heritiek
Jn Bull
Take care brother Sawney he took the advantage of me
Beast of Rome
Fetter Sawney; Fire & Faggot; Burn your Bibles; We sit in the Place of God; To give pardon for broken Oaths; Monks Friars Jesuits fill the land
Madam Sawney has taken the Alarm
Whore of Babylon
Lead on my Lord
Purgatory; works of Supererogation; Transubstantiation; Indulgencies
Union
That hot headed Scot will spoil my Plot
I absolve The *BRACKETED* from the breach of thy Oath
Haman was but a Fool to Him
Doe Keeper to his Grace
I hope they will bear me safe to the dear Independent Congress
Farewell Brother Chatter
To America he shall go for his heart is there
He is fitter to sit in Congress than in a British Parliament; My advice is to drop him in the Atlantic; How jovial he will be with Congress; Let us pity him, tho' he is a fox inform he is a great Goose in Policy; He bids fairer now to be the man in the moon than The Man of the People; We should have done this seven years ago.
India Bill
Regent's Park
India Bill
Zounds how that Animal tosses the Bills about by the God of Physick they'll all be lost.
In *BRACKETED* Bill
If they are lost, I shall lose the Freedom of Stockport.
Arguments . . .
Nankeen
Atwood or Stone Here goes.
There is sound Argument in BIRCH and ought to be vigously *BRACKETED* applied.
Allowance of tonage *BRACKETED* to private Merchant *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The last man holds an open basket of  OPEN>> Currie Powder
Ill give them some currie powder to season their arguments.
Arguments against Free Trade
I say Jack thats the right Buckinghamshire breed he attack well!
So he does, but by Goles the Nabobs will get the better of him.
The Penny Magazine patronised by those that know no better
The Saturday Magazine specially patronised by the Clergy
The Penny Cyclopœdia
Rees Cyclopœdia
Penny Shakespeare
Johnson & Stevens
Penny Ancient History
Penny Grammar
Murray
Penny Dictionary
Johnson
Guide to Knowledge one penny
Penny Dramatist
Penny Entertaining Magazine
Blackwood . Monthly
Penny Evangelical Magazine
Evangelical Mag
New Evangelical
Penny British Essayist
Addison
Steel
Hume
Smollett
Penny History of England
Penny Novelist
Sir Walter Scott, &c
"Loves Pow'r's too great to be withstood
Make haste with the Sangaree, Quashie, and tell Quaco to drive the Birds up to me - I'm ready
Royal Punch 5 gal: OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Sangaree 5 Gal: OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Brandy
Rum
Sangrorum 10 Gal
Water
Come along Silly Billy
Oh, I am a Poor Weak Old Man, they know I am not able to do any thing
Then Grenouille sent to gather together the Chancellor *BRACKETED* , the Vice-Chancellor, the Heads of Houses, the Doctors, the Proctors the Masters, the Bachelors the Commoners, the Scholars, the Bedmakers, and the Beadles, to come to the dedication of the Image which was to be set up
Brazen Image
Petition to his Majesty in behalf of the Roman Catholics
Adress to the king from the University of Oxford, on refusing the Catholic Bill and turning out the late Ministers on that Account
Ne Vile Fano
The Isis Packet, commanded by Capt Coal, many Years chief mate of the Companys Ship Exeter, has brought over the celebrated Statue of the  OPEN>> Whore of Babylon, intended as a present from the Pope to the University of Oxford, the Packet had nearly foundered coming up Channel a few nights since, owing, it is said, to the Portland lights not being discernable, the Statue has sustain'd very considerable damage, particularly about the Os sacrum the face too is much disfigured. Mess Frogum and Grenouille, the modern and successfull rivals of Phidias and Praxiteles, have undertaken to restore the mutilated parts, which gave rise to the following whimsical lines found suspended from the neck of the fractured Idol.  OPEN>> Tho
Black Bob
presiding goddess
Fashion
How dare you appear without a black coat?
Tailor wou'dn't Trust me sir
General
Law Lible
To Let
Hope defer'd
Water
cant  OPEN>> abide
Spirits is  OPEN>> riz
And beer's fallen
As Chamberlain | As Chambermaid
As Chief Singers at a Theatre where no hissing is allowed
Dublin Mis...
These horrid Irish wont take our notes
As Regent A young Man of good connexion's
As  OPEN>> M.P's
Matchless
GR
No Popery! No Popery!! Dearly beloved You'll be D—all!
Hold no faith with the cursed Heritic
Let Me express my ernest hope that the animosities which have prevaild on account of religious distinctions may be forgotten
I Trust Lady Julia will wear them in a locket
Butter
There is no keeping it
I say Polignac You have n't got the knack of manageing these matters as we do; Now you've dissolved them & stopt the press, Take care of Yourselves, we cant help You
vive la Chambre
any thing; we can serve your Grace
Holloh what are you going to do with it
Of a deep Blue
God Save the King
To Immortal *BRACKETED* Verse
Ghost
Ghost sings
Is it not written Your Nation shall be a scab a scorn a spitting; & would You sit in the House of C------s?
Mine goot friend it ish possiable midout spoiling Your Propheshie
Dublin Court of Admiralty
Profane Wretch!!!
Oh Lud! My Lord My Sundays Dinner
Ap—y House On a Sunday!!!
Go to the Devil and shake yourself
Grand Dinner Party Sir
Driving the Poor back into the Smoke on a Sunday
Ve vont go back
Isay Bloomee that's where I shall Dine, You wo'nt disturb us, there
Not at home! When will he be?
I'll  OPEN>> jest stip
Tax
Debt
Nobody shall touch you if you carry it quiet But;
You'd better carry it steady Or!!!
Now let Fame  OPEN>> soun
March
This is the tenth time I've been here Mr Scratch, Press is waiting
Now I think I see Him—No!— is that His carriage No!—I dont like it—Not as regards the Breakfast—But I-do-not—like------It
Admin of Justice Bill
Bill My Boy who has so mutilated you, And where do you come from
The H------e of Lords Daddy
Ah! well, III have You set to rights next Session
Scene Naples Enter the Ghosts of Starv'd Irish Peasentry *BRACKETED* !!!
The Slave
She dead Massa
Then I wish I'd sold her that's all
The Planter who Murderd the Slave!!!
Wot are You stareing at? shant a man do as He likes with his own. Ax your Duke of N—c—l
The Govenor sorry to punish the murdrers!!!
To the Colonial Secretary
Its
The M P's who approve of the Govenor
We are all Gentlemen, the worthy Govenor's a gentleman the Planters are Gentlemen a Slave's a Slave
The Electors who return the M.P!!!
What  OPEN>> sinnifies
cit
British Spirits
Razor Blades
Nap.oleon by the grace of God departs this life
Produits des Deux Mondes
the Past
GB
Bil *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> Echiqui *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; it is torn, and notes are blowing away. With her left. arm she encircles a great sheaf of spears, with a flag on which is her lion *BRACKETED* . About her person is slung a confused collection of sabres and cartouche-boxes. Weapons are heaped at her feet, with cannon-balls, and in the background a cannon. There are no ships on the sea. *BRACKETED* Britain, a starving and moribund woman, sits in profile to the left. on a block of stone inscribed  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* lbion
L. 300000
Pin Money £50000 Pr Annm
Berlin
"See the conquering Hero comes
Scourge
The Society of Antiquaries
K.I.S.S. / M.Y. / R
Behold Gentlemen a most Curious relique of Antiquity.
Ancient Ballads
Bonny Jem of Aberdeen
Antiquity of Carlisle
Lyson
Magna Britannia
Holy Bible
Barnard Castle
Essay on Royal Bastards / George II— N° one—Barnard N° two—
Landsee's Review
Antiquity of the Black Joke
Antiquity of Rapes
Travels in India by Lord Valetia
Dibdens Bibliomania
Hist of Celts Herons Letters
Ant *BRACKETED* of Norfolk
Ants of Ordanance *BRACKETED* offices
Essay on Priapus P Knight
Scrap . . . for Gentlemans Review by a Carter
Antiq . . . Puffs
antiquities
Sarcophagus
Gubbins's Piggery
Hoby Boot Maker London
Fragment of an Apollo
Beans
Goosberry
Cabbage
Funereal Urns
Roman Vase
Wedding Ring of Hercules
An Ancient Shield
T Smoothwell Shaver Lond...
A Helmet
Patronus
Dr. Channing
Points of Humour
Point I. The three hunchbacks.
Alderman Sapscull
Punch in Large Quantities
Hollands Gin and Roman Purl.
Ben Boniface
Polonius *BRACKETED* . When Roscius was an Actor at Rome. } Hamlet. Buzz! Buzz! Buzz!--------------------------- }Shakespear A colossal figure of Fame flies above solid clouds, her pose suggesting that she has just sprung from the ground. She blows her trumpet; on the palm of her left hand stands young Roscius, wearing Turkish costume. He holds the apex of a large extinguisher inscribed  OPEN>> Juvenile Roscius
extinguished
J Kemble, Cooke, Elliston, Pope, Barrymore, Bannister, H Syddons, Lewis, C Kemble, and a long list of Pretenders
Hold, Not so fast Georgy
My Game for a Crown
Knuckle down and dont funck, *BRACKETED* Charley
My turn next Sherry
chapeau-bras
Bastiles - Dungeons - damp-cells - chains - fetters - fury - horror - starvation - suspension - solitary-imprisonment - bread and water - rain - cold - hunger - whips - cat o nine tails - fire - death - hanging - drowning - shameful - abominable - terrible - Bow-wow-wow-wow!
Mercy on us, how he foams - he certainly ought to be committed.
I wish I had you my Lad - in one of my little commodius *BRACKETED* appartments - I'd teach you to abuse tender hearted Gentlemen
Prim-rose
Balsom
Butter flower
Reform
Get you gone and never let me see your faces again till you are Reformed
Bob Wilson
Oh Bobby—Bobby what shall we do now?
I am afraid I shall never be admitted into the school again
Who would have thought I should have been Hunt-ed out already
Its a shocking bad Job
Take a little more old Rag you may yet recover.
Vansi . .
That Curst Draught of Opposition made me so sick I shall never recover no I can Live No Longer.
Oh my poor lost Child *BRACKETED* .
I never will resign my Castle while a single Ray of hope remains
Now I may Croak Indeed.
Oh what will become of us
This is too deep a Pool for us *BRACKETED* ford.
Died, on Monday night, in St. Stephens Chapel, . . . that singular phenomenon, the Property Tax. ... It was a monster that resembled the  OPEN>> Vulture
Hawk
Tiger
quack Doctor
yellow earth
old rag
bleeding
The case is this, if you will make war against that overgrown Bull over the way - You shall have a slice of that fine Turkey! and the Eastern Star.
You had better beware for remember the Old adage - when you play with a Bull take care of his horns
I wish I was well out of their Clutches but I am affraid they will have me at last.
Eastern Star
Indies
Pic Nic Concert - Imitations - Nightingale by Lord C. - Tom Tit Lord ME. - Jack daw Genl G. Screech Owl Lady B. - Poll Parrot...
cello, in profile. Behind him, full face, towers Lord Cholmondeley putting a flute below tightly closed lips. Seated on the pianist's left is Lady Salisbury, blowing a French horn. On the extreme right opposite Greville is a lady's arm holding out a trumpet. See BMSat 9916, &c, and, for the  OPEN>> musical mania
N° 17.......'Text:  OPEN>> I Promise to pay to the Master, Wardens & Court of Assistants, / of the Worshipful Company of Thief-catchers, or Bearer; Five Farthings, / when their Worships shall have received the appointment of Superintendents / of the various Theatres and other Places of Public Amusement throughout the / United Kingdom. / London, the 11th Day of Decr *BRACKETED* / For my Father Mr John Bull, / *BRACKETED* O.P. Bull / Farthings Five / Entd John Huzza
Shadows of Power, /  OPEN>> Trifles, light as Air.
What stupid Loggerheads are ve, To fight and quarrel with O.P
Be aisey now, and I'll tell ye all about it. he writes—Dear Mother our Ship has been castaway but we are all well and comeing home with the North Pole
The North Pole— be der powers pats fortins made anney how—och murdther he's found der North Pole and der boy's bringing it home with him—what'll Capt Parry be sayin to that.
Seven is the Main: Seven! Who sets Charley any more money?
Admiralty
Admiralty
Edin buro
Come alang my bra lads - here is muckle picking for you a! - come alang Donald - Sandy - Mac - Jammie - here's pretty little croons fo rye a! - Wha wants me, my bonny Bairns!
Admiralty
Portable Oven for Batches of Peers
For particulars enquire under the Rose
Treasury Army Navy &c.
Surplus
This is surely a proof of a Foul Statement
35 Resolutions
This proves the Surplus not a fair one
Sure Steps to Preferment
Flattery
Humility
Pliability
Servility
Apostacy
And the* * * * *BRACKETED* made unto himself a great Idol, the likeness of which teas not in Heavan above, nor in the Earth beneath, and he reared up his Head unto the Clouds, and extended his Arms over all the land, his Legs also were as the Posts of a gate, or as an Arch stretched forth over the Doors of the public Offices; And whoever passed in beneath with idolatrous Reverence First lifted up their Eyes, and kissed the cheeks of the Postern
Save the King
Live the *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , and  OPEN>> Regoice
G.R
The King Restor *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  and  OPEN>> Live the King
Long Live the King G.R.
G.R
The King Restored
God Save the King
G.R
The Brand of Devastation
Liberty
Who would not wipe a Calf's Backside To gain the Sparks of Eastern Pride
When British Judges rule the Coast The Natives must obey No palliative means we boast By G------you die or pay
Sword of Justice
Gold Moors
Which Powerful God my wavering mind controuls And my Sage Brows with Golden bands infolds  OPEN>> Tis Mammons self I can be Just no more Take thou the Sword give me the Golden Store
Diamonds
So shall we Triumph while the Diamond's smile Can melt the Soul and Justice's beguile.
tale
Vide Monthly Mirror for January 1799
Journal
Materials for the Life of Saml Johnson L.L.D.
Ogden on Prayer
"I am, I flatter myself compleatly a Citizen of the World - In my Travels, through Holland, Germany, Switzerland, Italy, Corsica, France, I never felt myself from home; and I sincerely love  OPEN>> every kindred and tongue and people and nation
Respectfully submitted to the Consideration of the Ladies of Great Britain.
*BRACKETED* First Lady of the Treasury and Chancellor of the Exchequer.
Duc - ss of Gor-n
*BRACKETED* President of the Council and Duc-ss of Ric-nd.
*BRACKETED* Lady High Chancellor is the Coun-ss of Buc-s-e
*BRACKETED* Chamberlain
Margr-ne of Ans-h
*BRACKETED* Mistress of the Horse
Lady Arc-r.
*BRACKETED* First Lady of the Admiralty
Mrs Jo-n
The Romp
*BRACKETED* Secretary of War & Capn of the Guards, La-y Wa-ce
*BRACKETED* Mistress of the Buck Hounds
March-ss of Sa-ry
*BRACKETED* Ranger of Hyde Park
La-y La-e
*BRACKETED* Post Mistress General and Inspector of Mis-sent Letters
La-y Je-y
Hot water
France
Portugal
Madrid
Saragosa
St Sebastian
Vittoria
Description. The Hat is composed of a Vanquished Eagle, taken at the Battle of Vittoria—His Face of the Prisoners living and slain—His Collar of the part of France adjoining Spain—His Coat of Spain and Portugal—His Epaulette of his own blood Stain'd Hand—His Star a Cobweb, Emblematic of the Flimsy Tenure of his Reign
The Book of Fate
Lust of Pow'r
Fraud
Hypocrisy
Arbitrary Power
Tyranny
Military Law
Plan to Enslave K-----g L------ds, & C------ns
British Spirits composed of True Liberty Courage Loyalty & Religion

A La Mode Beef
Rump of Beef
Veal Cutlets
Baron of Beef
Pork Sausage
We fly on the Wings of the Wind to save the Irish Catholics from Persecution. - Scene. The Front of a Popish Chapel.
Description. A Priest driven out of his Chapel, A French Soldier trampling on Crucifixes & Mitres, another kicking the Priest, a Gracefull Old Man; & a third stabbing him with a Dagger behind: A  OPEN>> Membre de la haute Cour de Justice
Good, \\  OPEN>> very Good, the Justice, of it pleases, even on the \\  OPEN>> Stage of his own Imposition,
thus, that, the Gratitude of the French Republic  OPEN>> always pays Three Favours for One.
*BRACKETED* Two ferocious soldiers wearing jack-boots pull and push the priest *BRACKETED* from the door of a gothic church *BRACKETED* . A third jumps on a Bible and crucifix, part of a pile of crosier, mitre, chalice, censer *BRACKETED* , &c. On the cross which surmounts the door is a Phrygian cap of  OPEN>> Liberté
Ecce Homo
Santè Marie
Member of the high-court
you ungreatfull Rascall what runaway after we forgave your Fault but we've got you now.
Well done give it him I have a nice Little cage for him when we are tire'd.
Thunder of Disolution
India
P
T.
R.
S.
Mon Droit
Who made an Attempt on the Life of his Majesty at Drury Lane Theatre on Thursday May 15t 1800
St Jamess Square
Give me three Golden George's or by my mother Moon I'll cause another Trojen War, & set the square in Arms. Pharoah Sturt, & all the host shall be engaged. & drowne'd in the Black hole.
Murder fire Thieves, My Bank is Lost & this Stark Mad Man would ravish me also, Oh Pharaoh, Moses, Help, or I shall suffer like my Sister Helen.
NB. It is very well understood that the object of Paris in this recent Attempt was not the Three Guineas but the fair Helens Self.
Libertas
Vive l'America
The Rights of Farthing Candles proving their Equality with the Sun & Moon. And the necessity of a Reformation in the Planetary System.
Common Sense or Reason destructive to Free Government.
The Golden Age The Art of Equalizing the Property of Princes & Pikemen.
Pleas for Thos Paine. Ignorance Poverty Envy.
Charges against Thos Paine Libels Scurrilities Lies Perjuries, Rebellions, Treasons.
Punishments for Thos Paine Corporal Pain Contempt, Detestation.
Perseverance
Union
Angels and Ministers of Grace defend us!!
Come Come Lady C——m if you dont make haste we shall have the new Police to eject us
Yes, Yes, but there's some private letters, Notes and memorandums in this closet, and I cant find the Key was it to save my honor
Theres no such thing here my Lady
Now if this key had not been found, What curious Storys might abound
Town Talk
Hop Pole
I wish your Lordship would give me a job.
Gentlemen, as I thought it my duty to keep the peace of the City, I have marched you through St Giles's to Tyburn, & here, by Virtue of my authority, I turn you all off; for you are all Malefactors: which signifies evil doers, & you have done evil to insist on coming at all. I have nothing more to say to you, but to beg of you to go home, put on your aprons, get behind your Counters & mind your business & think yourselves happy that you are not all executed.
Records
What the Devil is he about?
Hang him Kick him out of Office,
Give him rope & he'll hang himself.
His Lordship has always had a hankering after this place ever since the affair of the Hop Sacks.
Of what Company does his Lordship suppose us to be—of horsestealers river-pirates, pick pockets, or what else?
New Road from Kensington Pallace to the Mansion House through St Giles
The Wit's Magazine
L'Utile col Dolci
with the approbation of the archbishop
The Radicals
By the cumberous load, the walls are all crush'd, And Jack and his rabble, to silence are hushed; Heav'n thundering above, Hell yawning beneath, With a curse on their folly they sink deep in death
Honesty
Humility
Loyalty, Independence & Public-Good
cit
Come along Johnny! - take fast hold of my Cloak, & I'll bring you to the land of Milk & Honey!!!
- O yes, I will try to holdfast! - but I'm damnably afraid that your Cloak may slip off before we get there, & I may chance to break my Neck!
New Constitution
Carolus. II. Redimmus
Liberty
Chastity
Temperance
Lord Grey of the Reform Bill
Long Live Queen Caroline
- Sung by Mr Smith, at Sadlers Wells, &c.
The Ghost he seiz'd her all so grim, - Fol deriddle &c. All for to go along with him - Fol *BRACKETED* Come, come, said he, ere morning beam
woke and found she dreamt a dream. - Fol &c
My situation begins to alarm me
on this Ground I stand
I was afraid your Insolence would bring you to this
An Avowed Opposition.
Admiralty
Twice Chairman
Zeal
Integrity
For Bye-laws
For Project of Building Ships in India
For Supporting the Propositions of the Court of Directors
For Rudeness & insolence in Office
For the Injured Lord Pigot
Good Entertainment gratis
Briefs Berd Burstn
Thou'rt doom'd to Pain, at which the Damn'd will tremble | And take their own for Joys—.
Empire and Victory be all forsaken, To Plagues Poverty Disgrace & Shame, Strip me of all my Dignities and Crowns Take O Take your Sceptres back. Spare me but Life
Handwriting upon the Wall
Loyalty
My Life and Services are ever devoted to my King & Country
I was always a Staunch Friend to the Crops and Sans Culottes but this damn'd Crop is quite unexpected
Constitutional Ground
Go on, Britain approves and will protect you!
venemous
Long look'd for come at last Welcome thou Staunch Friend and faithful Servant, enter thou onto the Hot-bed prepared for thee.
Now will no prospering Virtue gall my jaundiced Eye - nor people foster'd by a belov'd Sovereign and defended by the Wisdom of his Counsellors. - To Anarchy & Confusion I will blow my Horne, and wallow in every thing that's damnable
This will not Tell well.
I was Fool Hardy
June Ist
Weeds carefully eradicated, & Venemous Reptiles destroy'd \\ by Royal Patent \\ God save the King.
Take that and be d—d to you
Oh! Oh! I am done for
Oh! Arthur, you'll never be able to come to the Scratch again, its all up with you
If that's not a Settler I'm no Judge
in round  OPEN>> eighty-four
Return Good for Evil
1, The Beauty of Holiness, Lecturing
5
Agriculture is the Noblest of Sciences, mind your Glebes, the Emperor of China is a Farmer
8
Degrees Male and Female in Medicine and Midwifery, sold here for ready money
7
Colledge property, Patronages are unalienable, so says the Law, the Noble Patron has rewarded most justly your Rapacity
6
Has not the Effulgence of my Countenance been a light unto your feet, and a lamp unto your Paths
4
I have rendered Vernacular the Greek Language from Aberdour to Aberdeen
3
Annually for 45 years and upwards have I beat up, even to the Ultima Thule have I recruited, our University
2
Had you not sold your Patronages, First Minister might have been annexed to my Divine Chair of Verity and taste
D.N.B
Warsaw
Gaffer Flatscull agt Ralph Clodpole
Practic
symbol of the Practitioner's address, cunning and deceit
Handfulls of gold being thrown up in the air . . . scattered mischief and destruction all round.
I come to Establish America's Independance. Listen to my Voice behold my People
The Voice of Rebellion is a supreme Law which passeth all Understanding
America shall be independent
We'll have his Head if the Devil & You will help Us
I'll help You my Children Down with their Ch-----h & K-----g
Secreted Copies
You English Scoundrels hers the American Flesh & Blood of a Bull.
You have made Your Escape for Forgery robery & a Rape P------n *BRACKETED* Green
And tis my Belief You'r a Pauper & Thief Mr Chairman
Croker shall have it
Is that Daddy Croker Mammy
D------n your Eyes you Bch cry Croker
No blue *BRACKETED* , Obadiah & St Abigal for ever.
Another Scrub & then!! take more water.
Does it look any whiter.
You may as well attempt to remove the Island of Jersey to the Highest Mountain in Wales.
This stain will remain for ever.
It vont do she must put on anoder face.
Ich dien
Written and Sung, with unbounded Applause, by Charles Dibdin, Senior, Esq.
Then all get drunk if you wish to be happy
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
I cant get a peep at what is going on in the Box. now thats very hard. I always had had a look in when I liked - Now Bless ye Master Billy let me have one Squiny
I assure you Mr Bull - I know no more than you do, what is going forward! - I have been ill with the gout, a considerable time *BRACKETED* - Besides if you were to peep - the Machinery is intirely beyond your shallow comprehention!
Mobilitate Viget \\ Virgil
Impudence, Ignorance, Cowardice
Gare!
O!
Maidstone Assizes 1807
An Honest Witness
Defendant
Fellow feeling
Even We may bark too much!
Counsellor Garro-lous Cross examined
New Palace Yard
Articles of Impeachment
Old care in a Whiff of Tobacco I'll Smother
My Magnimity *BRACKETED* will cover a Multitude of thy Crimes and Misdemeanors
The Governor
Brother Edmund I'll finish the Law
I'll bring the Culprit to justice
What a pity a good Taylor should be spoiled
the tailor's Hell
Cabbage
Pads
Calves
Regent Rump
Hips
Shoulders
Bubbles
Bottoms
Stuffing
Thighes
Stiffning
A Taylor there was and he lived in a Stall Which served him for Palace for Kitchen and Hall No Coin in his Pocket no Nous in his Pate No Ambition has he nor no wish to be Great derry down down down derry down
All my invention
The Farmers Boy
Here's your Goose Sir,
Dese men vill teach you de proper way to make de Hungarian Soldats I did bring Dem exprés, observe des grands Mustaches, no more English Soldats.
Mob Law
Spoils of Industry
Liberty or Death
Reform
Holy Bible
Perfectability
Slave trade
law down the reptiles...
Baste him well! Give him Goose without Gravy.
Dont be alarm'd my dear! I only want to see how my private affairs, get on below here—So shew me your Kitchen Stuff.
La Sir! what will the people say when they hear of your meddling so often with things beneath you!—Depend on it, you'll be hauld over the coals & finely Roasted for this!
What a dreadful Stew I'm in!
Hold your Sauce you Jade! We are all In for it! so you had better take it quietly!
here's a pretty Kettle of Fish! I'm always getting into hot Water.
Receive him civilly, Molly & don't hide any thing, let him Cover it himself if he chooses, he's not particular at a Watering place! he'll thrust his Nose any where!
When Bottle the eighth, I get through I make Love in a style so bewitching That most female hearts I subdue From the Drawing Room down to the Kitchen!
Theatre Royal Brighton By Command of the P—Rt High Life below Stairs with Animal Magnetism
a juvenile attempt at poetry, by Charles Few
Waterloo Place
John Nash
On Richmond Hill there lives a lass, More brighte than May day morn, Whose charms all other maids surpass A Rose without a thorn. This lass so neat, with smils so swee *BRACKETED* Has won my heart complete, I'd crown resign to call her *BRACKETED* you mine, Sweet Lass of Richmond Hill *BRACKETED* Waterloo Place.
G G
Called and Chosen and Faithfull
Febry 6th 1781
Patiens, Passus, Honorably Acquited
Arti *BRACKETED* of Convention between Genl Gates & Genl Burgoyne
Gen. Gates
Protestant Ascendancy
Act of Settlement 1688
Protestant Succession
Church
King
House of Brunswick
Halloo! Halloo! Billy!
Reform
Why dang it old Goosey if you havent Lost Your Bill!!!
Ah Johnny its gone I dont know how we shall Quack without it
It shall yet Pass
No Bill
No Reform
Droll
Mr Johnson and I walked Arm in Arm up the High Street to my House in James Court; it was a dusky night: I could not prevent his being assailed by the Evening effluvia of Edinburgh. - - As we marched along he grumbled in my Ear  OPEN>> I smell you in the dark
Go to my faithfull Janazaries; Order them to repair to the Divan, & do instant execution on the Vizar.
Theives! Thrives! Zounds awake Madam, or you'll have your Throat cut
To Sophia
. . . tia labore et fortuna
Treasury
Justice of Emancipating ye Catholicks
Advantages of the Union
Successes in the East
Acquisitions from ye War. Malta, Cape of Good Hope, Dutch Islands
Enemies Ships taken & Des *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , and Loughboroug in his Chancellor's wig. Three heads are dimly visible in the shadow of the archway. From the left the Opposition, in the guise of a plebeian rabble, advance towards the Treasury gate but are held back by a sturdy grenadier sentry at the point of the bayonet. He is back view, with  OPEN>> G.R
G.R Orders for keeping all improper Persons out of the Public Offices
Whitbread's Entire
Jacobin Charges, Speeches Essays
Push on, dam'me! - work 'em! - its our Turn now!
Your Turn! - no, no! - whoever goes out You'll not come in!
Morning Chronicle
Men in conscious Virtue bold!  OPEN>> Who dare their Honest purpose hold.  OPEN>> Nor heed the Mob's tumultuous cries;  OPEN>> And the vile rage of Jacobins - despise
Holy Bible
Morning Post Letter-Box
Brief
J.
II
Mor *BRACKETED* Pos *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; he is blowing a trumpet and holding out a sheaf of the  OPEN>> Morning Pos *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  for sale. On the ground at his feet are cards, dice, and papers inscribed,  OPEN>> Rival Candidates
A Comic Opera
Flitch of Bacon
Black a moor wash'd w *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The rope round Bate's three necks appears to be held by the devil who is stooping down to adjust the Bible. Beneath the design is engraved:  OPEN>> A Various Compound is this Rev'rend Divine. In Speaking a Pedant, with Satire Malign. A Canonical Buck, Vociferous Bully. A Duellist, Boxer, Gambler, & Cully. A Student at Law, Collector of News. A Preacher in Churches, an Actor in Stews. If Vices like these, Recommend to the Great. Then who is so fit for a Bishop as B------e. A Government Runner, of Falsehood a Vender. Staunch Friend, to the Devil, the Pope, & Pretender. A Managers parasite, Opera Writer. News paper Editor, Pamphlet Indicter. An Olla Padrina *BRACKETED* foul Mixture of Parts. Is this Harlequin Parson Master of Arts. If many Vocations can make a Man great Then who is so fit for a Bishop as B------e
As sure as I'm alive, that Contain Locust, smells the Roast Beef, and plumb pudding
Or perhaps, my Jewel, tis a potatoe, or two you want - but the divil a halfpeth do you get from me.
Or perhaps the Cheeld would like a little o
Am I Giles or am I not? If Giles I have lost my Horses; If not, I have found a Cart!
The Wonder of the Theatrical World - A Diamond amongst pebbles - A Snow Drop in a mud pool. The Golden Fleece of the Morning Chronicle! - The Idol of the Sun! - The Mirror of the Times! - The Glory of the Morning Post - The Pride of the Herald - and the finest Cordial of the Publicans Advertiser!
Never till this hour stood I in such a presence, yet there's somthing in my breast which makes me bold to say that Norval ne'er will shame thy favour.
An Angel carrying the Spirit of a Child to Paradise
La Sainte Veirge
Indulgences
Absolutions
Luxuries
Absolutions
Dissipations
Play-Things
Brighton Breviary
- the hint taken from the Revd Mr Peter's sublime Idea of  OPEN>> an Angel conducting the Soul of a Child to Heaven
Bristol Channel
Swallow Packet
Blast away Billy! Blast away Boys! Now, Charley *BRACKETED* , gather up all the wind you can and let fly!
That's my kind master, keep 'em back, or we shan't get forward! Billy's Pipe was never fam'd for doing great things; but now my mistress shall see wonderful execution!
Heavens, what execution Hobart would do here with her bellows! One blast would Mow this little obstinate devil out of the water!
Blast me if she shall come in till a day or two before the opening!
Hoot awa ye loons! would ye ruin us aw with your expeditions! Tack aboot, tack aboot and gang to the Isle of Sky till we open.
National Debt
Sinking Fund
Pat
Emancipation
Omnibus
G R
Bill of Fare
the Ram
the Union
Richard III
GR
Tria juncta in uno
Not worth the tax
Good dogs paid for
*BRACKETED* reasury
Budgets & Loans so thick we see And Taxes press so hard Sir That Poor John Bull can't pay the Fee For Dogs his only Guard And tho' near empty Johnnys purse Yet cruel 'tis to say sir For R------l *BRACKETED* Dogs which are his curse Poor Johnny's made to pay Sir
With this Army will I crush those Russian Savages, and make all Nations tremble at my Wrath!!
Parbleu vid dis Armée we vil conquer de Heaven!!!
And de Hell too, dat we may send dere de dam Anglois.
John Bull's Rubbish Cart
With a sincere hope that none of you will ever rise again, I commit you all to the Pit-hole!
Brief
Good bye to you, my Masters, Parson Billy will soon settle the business
Rambler's Magazine
Treatise on getting and nursing of Children by the Duke of D
Damn your Lanthorn Jaw'd Frog Faces! What Business have you here
Ah Monsieur Anglois Pardoner Moi Me Renounce de Americans to the Devil
Dollars
Pecavi Signior Inglitero! Pecavi! I Renounce de France for ever
"Take heed, have open eyes; for thieves do foot abroad *BRACKETED* . Shakespeare
Render unto Seizer those things which are Seizers.
I say Bob—I'll have a dash at the Parsons now.
Cad
Odd Rat 'em—I'm afeard on 'em.
Two very suspicious looking fellows—dodging me about—I hope they are not going to pick my pocket
Oh This is a pretty Hoax, but Ill find it out by Hook or by Crook
Madam the street is full of Trades people after we have done
Oh Lord, Oh Lord, what can all this mean, I sent for none of you, I know nothing about it, for Godsake do not Torment me to Death
Proud Upstart
Oh! Lord I have sprained my Ancle.
A strait road from Wales to Yarmouth
And fair exposed she stood shrunk from herself
With fancy blushing,
What are you at you Bloom ing fellow.
—though amazed, are our neighbour Kings To see such Pow'r employ'd in Peaceful things.!
Behold the blessed one of whom we speak—!
Holy Bible
Gentn In the name of ye country I return you many thanks, for putting an end to the Sufferings of some of my poor Subjects.
Impartial justice ever in our view,
Fair to the public.
The Chapter of Accidents
Romeo
Drury Lane
For the Benefit of the Theatrical Fund
Dirty Peg & the Duke
Bald as a Coote
Little Darby O
Ever Craving
Old Q
Alamode Beef Jug
Rotten Ripe
Doctor Squintum
Bang up to the Mark
Duplicates
Saloup
Scourge
600,0000 Franks
Triumphal Arch Of The Bonararte *BRACKETED* Dynasty
Proclamation of the Provisional Government of France—Recals Louis XVIII to the throne Banisheth Nap to the Isle of Elba.
Dogs! Rascals! Turncoats! am I fallen without blowing up Paris— but I'll leave yet a bloody page for history.
Alcoran
Sainte Bible
Service of the Synagogue
Here Nic! here's a babason *BRACKETED* of Pichegrew gruel for you.
Wretch! Monster! Hypocrite!— Josephine *BRACKETED* you to a throne here's a reward for your ingratitude to her.
Poor Jerry there is a few drops from Paterson Lake to cool your Westphalian fever—vive Louis XVIII.
Oh that I had staid in America with injured Paterson—I have driven my Westphalia hogs to a fine market however I have prig'd some Hams.
Oh Saxony! Saxony! how I have been Gull'd to thy ruin—.
Oh Holland! that you should part with so good a King as I was—
Playthings for Young Boney—April 1st 1814
Colico *BRACKETED* you shan't be Master of my Horse, you'll pull me down I'll anihilate you— as Papa says—.
Come my Dear we'll take the road to Italy, and his holiness will give you better lessons than your Father did—.
Oh my Subjects in Spain, what will they do without King Joe!
Never mind Joe you shall be Nic's fool at Elba—and be head Marshall over 160 coaches and take charge of the Pigs—.
To Italy
Jewels
Contract for Supplying the French Army in Russia with Provisions
I'll have my Bond! I should not have trusted him, but he shaid he wash one of our peoples.
Contract for Supplying Bonapart with Forage in Russia
I trusted him with forage on the same account.
I tinks we has better pay ourshelves he hash no principle he would sheet te Devil if he would let him.
He a Jew! no no Moses he is a son of the Prophet! a true Mussleman.
There he is Peter it seems we shall get rid of him
To give the Devil his due he deserves our thanks.
Elba
A Momento *BRACKETED* for Tyrants
Temple of In • Fame • y
Be wise, O, Therefore Ye Kings
Dedicated to Napoleon
D'Enghien
Murder
Deceit
Hipocracy
Opression
Rapine
The H..E By Louis Loyal Refreshment for Travellers visting *BRACKETED* El *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . To this a laurel branch is fixed with a favour:  OPEN>> Vive Louis
hireling constables
At Night Mr Constable, great as Sir John
Give the Man half a Crown for a Lanthorn & Plaister, And somewhat for Drinking & then good Night Master. Thus one Cull aquited, Confederate Whore Is Dispatch'd with a Charge to Decoy in some more
ON A VISIT, IN STYLE.
TAKING A RIDE
Stink Sol / of / Philadelphia / Yankee Doo / Com . . .
10000
Peter Porcupines Savings
Deceit Canting & Sedition
Stop Stop your Debt Billy a little Honesty would brighten You amazingly!
Mr Hunts at Coventry.
Bold Finishing Touches for our Patriots Portrait.
"and as to moral offences, there is more deliquancy in Office There are more public defaulters more acts of swindling more fraudulent debtors, more /  OPEN>> bastards begotten, more divorces, more eloped wives more runaway apprentices in the single state of Pensylvania which contains not 200 000 Souls /  OPEN>> than there are in the whole kingdom of Great Britain which contains above 11,000,000,
Gentlemen, it is with the most unfeigned submission I present myself to Your Notice, most Humbly requesting your kind suffrages to return me *BRACKETED* one of Your representatives for the great City of Westminster, and when I consider whom I succeed, I cannot but sincerly *BRACKETED* deplore his loss, but much more so my inadequacy to fill his place, and can only most solemnly promise to exert the utmost of my poor abilities to keep my place.
Electors, I feel a satisfaction in my own bosom *BRACKETED* that my transcendant Merit fully entitle me to be chosen your representative, and that you have barely done yourselves justice in returnig *BRACKETED* me, why you must have been cursed fools if you had not, & as to that Mr Paul & Mr Cobbett, their speeches are so ungentlemanlike that I do not think it worth my while to answer them, why the fellows say I get drunk one half the day, & lie in bed the other, I dont chuse to answer that, they say I don't pay my Debts Fools! what did I want to get into Parliament for, they say I have never signed those measures since I have been in administration which I so strongly declared necessary while out of Office, this shews their Ignorance! why should I propose reform now when all my Friends have got to be served
Address
5000
The Seamen's Address
Heaven Procet *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* Innocent
God Save the Queen
Non Mi Ricord
Sire— Deign to permit the Members of the Tribunal of Amsterdam to have the honor of doing their respectful homage by Kissing Your Imperial and Royal Majestys A—s.
Hollands Gin above proof
Essence of Juniper
Holl—s
President M— Von. Schotten
Dutch Herrings
Commission Warehouse, Money advanced on all sorts of Useless Valuables, by Pitt & C° Auctioneers. - NB. Licensed by Royal Authority
Prerogative
Shew the Lot this way Harry, agoing - agoing - speak quick or its gone - Hold up the Lot ye Dund - Ass
I can houl'd it na higher Sir
Lot 1
Rights of the People in 558 Vol.
Sundry acts
We shall get the Supplies by this Sale
Now or Never
Despair not
Adieu to Liberty
Chosen Representers
I am determined to bid with Spirit for Lot 1. he shall pay dear for it that outbids me.
Hereditary Virtuosies
Mind not the nonsensical Biddings of those common Fellows.
Lot 2. is Magna Charta
Lot 3., Obselete Publick Acts
Lot 4
Lot 5
Lot 6
Lot 7
Zounds! at him again, Billy, bang him over his sconce with your Crab- d-mn it, the Sinking-fund will support you
Agency
Defence of Governor Hast *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , showing that he is Major John Scott, M.P. for West Looe, the agent of Hastings. Fox is tall and burly, he and his two supporters, North and Burke, look much more than a match for Pitt, Arden, and Scott. Burke, holding a single-stick, says:  OPEN>> Dont spare, Charley, peg him about the noddle with your Shillany - and I'll have a touch with the little Major - I have a tough bit of Bamboo, and dam'me I'll Macartney him
Set thy thoughts on things above
some vulgar fashionable
N:B: This Print is dedicated to the Fair-Sex of Great-Britain, & intented to point out the very dangerous effects which may arise to Themselves, if they do not exert that influence to hinder the  OPEN>> Majesty of the People
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
An Essay on keeping Bad Company
D------m the Furniture—D------n the convex mirrors, and red Turkey Carpets—D—n Westbourne Place *BRACKETED* and every thing that belongs to it
Deary, these little gusts of Welch Passion become you extremely—the exercise will do you good besides it will increase your popularity
There Sir take that, and tel your Master, I'll thras every one who dares to speak to me I'll thrash all the World D -me I'll, I'll I,'ll be King of the Universe.
Why this is club Law; this is the Argument of force indeed the little Gentleman is Dêrangé.
The Monarch I represent, will return this insult with becoming dignity.
There my Boy is an Ambassador who will treat with you in your own way, but I say be as gentle with him as you can.
what! is it that little Whipper snapper I am to set too with why I think the first round will settle his hash.
Mutineer
Honi soit
Extrait d'une lettre du général burgoyne. Et quoi vieux Renard, toi qui avais promis a la patrie de venger ses malheurs et réparer le mien, te voila pris toi même! Cependant, Milord, ne nous decourageons pas; tant quit restera un anglais, les destinées de la grande bretagne ne seront pas desésperées
Mrs Clarke
Mrs Fitz
Sarvant Measters. I be come to ax a bit of thy advice, because our great Parliament Man  OPEN>> a been telling us that the great folk in France be committing all sorts of Abominations & that they be likely to loose their places for it, & moreover he tells us that the great rulers before them did the same, & therefore God punished them for it I has heard some strange things o
base born Plebeians
Refletions *BRACKETED* on the Revolution
Horridum Monstrum! Procerum potentum Saeva Potestas!!!
The Rights of man
The People the Fountain of Power
no exclusive Priveleges
at Ranks honorable
all men born equal
Liberty founded on Law
Soveriegn the Choice of his peopl
Limited Monarchy but no Aristocracy
Geneal *BRACKETED* Toleration
All Citizens equally Eligable
Church Lands & National Property
Destruction to the aristocratic Gam *BRACKETED* Laws
away with the whole Feudal System
The Blessings of Liberty to the whole human Race
Vive la Liberty
congratulation
Revolution Soceity
angel just above the Horizon like the morning Star glittering! alas! the age of Chivalry is gone & the glory of Europe lost for Ever.
a set of low bred illiterate Traders Lawyers & Country Clowns not able to write & Read The Momentum of Ignorance Rashness & Presumtion Incapable of forming any thing noble or Exellent & born only to be contrould, their Liberality is illiberal their Science Presumption & their Humanity Savage & Brutal.
Damn their oracular Tripods & Babylonian pulpite Pisgay Perorations! Prepared in the hot Alembic of the Furies of Hell.
Majesty of the Church
crackg her Mitred front
Hierarch & Monoply & Test act
prescription Antiquity
Blessed are all those that are led by the nose
Exclusive Priveledge
ancient Nobility
place & Pension
heridatary
noble Birth
the son of a Slave shall never be free
Born with Sadles on their backs
self Elected
bribery
Corporation Bribed
old Sarum
Ruffin burrough corporation
Go along Blucher let us haste to restore the Stolen Goods.
For St Marc
Louvre
Dear Talley, persuade them to leave us a few of those pretty things for my CHAMBERS they will pacify the Deputies & amuse the people.
I have tried every scheme to retain them but it seems they have at last found us out & are not to be humbuggd any longer.
Don't go yet Ladies & Gentlemen Pray Stay with us a little longer. We could keep you for ever & shall always regret that we were forc'd to part with you.
Holland
Italy
Every man his own.
Venice
Vienna
Berlin
NBI
Wine is the Liquor of Life - Here my brave Boys - Fill every Glass. His tray is inscribed Patron . . *BRACKETED* of Polite Art
Ich dien
It's Wine
That inspires us
and fires us
with courage
love & joy
Plan for extending the Freedom of Election
St Ann's & Duke's place
Devonshire Soap
St James's & Switzerland
Naturalisation
St John's & the Mint
Drury Wardrobe
Sea Amusement, or Commanders in Chief of Cup and Ball on a Cruise
Twenty Pound
Fotification *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , under the latter's a large wall-plan of the disposition of a fleet, on which land and  OPEN>> Ocean
Celiastial
Teristial
An Ugly Face & Staring Hat, A Carcase which has lost its Fat. An ill shap'd Coat, too bad for shew Yet Hides the Aukward Legs below. The Sword a Thing not meant for Harm And Therefore Hug'd betwixt the Arm. Whene'er at Court he shews his Face The Breeding Ladies Quit the Place Take him in short from Top to Toe And set him down the Queer Old Beau
Religion
The Laws
Radical Reform
Immorality
Blasphemy
The Age of Reason
Slavery
Starvation
Robbery
Murder
Radical Liberty i e—To Take Liberties
Dieu Et Mon Droit
Loyalty
I H S
Vive la liberté
Billinsgate
Serjeant Kite
I sigh and lament me in vain
How the deuce came I here, can you tell?
You may have forgot you were drunk when you died!
How goes on affairs in the political world, how did You leave the remainder of our friends
All done up! the whole of Opposition are now dead and buried!
O that I had staid quietly in Bedfordshire, instead of wandering about here a poor forlorn Ghost!
Now I sob and I sigh Oh what a lost chicken am I!
To Kew
The Speech
He wou'd & he wou'd not &c.
Poor Old England
England
France
Good Entertainment for Man & Horse
Association for preserving Liberty & Property against Republicans and Levellers Resolved. . .  OPEN>> . He exclaims,  OPEN>> Here's a Stop to my Levelling.
D Priestley Sermon
Rights of Man
for our King and
Country
Proclamation
God save the King
Liberté & Egalité Ca ira
Mr Fox's Speech to the Vig Club Anglois
Memorial of Cit Thos Paine to the Nation *BRACKETED* Conven *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Beside the two men who pull at the English crown is a third Frenchman, a ragged sansculotte, who holds a pike on which is a head; he stands astride a recently decapitated body, shouting,  OPEN>> Vive la Nation.
L'arbre de la Liberte
------nought can make us rue If England to itself do rest but true
lately discovered in a Stable Yard
Jack do the Ladies Ogle, eh, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh Yes —, they stare very much, at both you, and the Horse.
Shame
Disgrace
Obliquy
Cruelty
Murder
Rapine
Plunder
Albivion
Hypocricy
our-square on his rightectangular platform, a fat  OPEN>> cit
Integrity
Honor
Justice
Valour
Commerce
Firmness
trade
Heroism
Virtue
Poor Jack
There's a sweet little Cherub that sits up aloft, will take care of the fate of John Bull
Anti-Fibbibus
College Wag
travelling Empiric
gilded pill called - Pillula Memoria - Anti Fibbibus!!
H. Wigstead invent.
Thanks
Gentlemen I have chaind up your Prince - your Enemies may insult him as they please he cannot resent it. I expect to receive all your thanks for this service I have done your constitution - should a war break out you have now nobody to defend you - look up to me gentlemen as your Saviour - I will only Tax you a little more and quarter a few more of my needy relations on you and will then retire to my new office of Treasurer & Secretary at B-ck-gh-m House.
Billy's virtue is bum proof gentlemen - he is well fortified in his own good works
live teeth
Most Money Given for live Teeth
Baron Ron------Dentist to her High Mightiness the Empress of Russia
I smile at the feeble efforts of them single
Help! tis only your united strength can save me
I see her danger, yet, better she should perish than I join the Man I hate
Forgetting our former disputes Quick! let us join to save her
BRITANIA rescue'd from the wicked designs of an artfull------
50,000
My Friends and Countrymen I would have You Consider what obligations you are under to me and Address me I charge you. Have not I superseded Those gallant Sailors who fought your Battles on the Glorious twelfth of April? Have not I distroyed your Rights by the Westminster Scrutiny; Have not I indulged you with a Shop Tax ? Have not I tax'd the Light of Heaven, and Struggled for the Sovereignty with your Rightfull Prince ? and after all, I scorn to accept Reward. But address me, I charge you, address me, Extoll my disinterestedness, my Soberness, my Chastety; and make yourselves immortal by imitating in all things my most Loyal City of London
chapeau-bras
Pray my Lord do you think I may venture
O Mr Alderman don't be affraid of your other Leg, put out tfte Purse and he'll snap at it. - My Pupil is only lying a little to the Country Gentlemen, and then he'll condescend to see you down stairs
country gentlemen
Address
Cambridge
Edinbrugh
City Committee
I have led my Rascals where they are pepperd, *BRACKETED* but they'll fill a Pitt as well as better Men. Make a Leg Brother Alderman
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
The Effect of Imagination
14 Honble Robt Cloggs
I Geo Allspice
2 Simon Primmer
3 Thos Hyson
4 John Squib
5 John Buckles
6 Thos Tinker
7 Wm Bluster
8 Brandy-Tipstaff
9 Jn° Whitebread
10 Thos Varguice
11 Moses Jalap
12 Thos Fussey
13 Fras Parchment
Droll
Cantharides
The Old Hog in Armour New Revived
Purge
With what sweet Chymic Airs, he leads ye City Band, Or deals his penny Wares from his important Hand
O P
Vide Tragedy of Barbarossa
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Bradshaw
Presents from India
Suit in Chancery
Name o
Indeed, indeed Mother I'm not mad—the Doctors and Lawyers all say I'm only a little whimsical and eccentric now and then——Do forgive me this time and I'll never do so any more
Munchausen at Walcheren . . . The Dardanelles, Talavera, Cintra, &c &c.... Written by himself. Printed for J. Johnston, No. 101, Cheapside and No. 87 Bishopsgate-street and J. Blacklock Royal Exchange. 1811
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
LORD MAYOR
Long Live the King
Royal Wax Work Here you may see King Solomon  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* in all his glory!
And all the People rejoic'd and sung Long Live the King! May the King live for ever!
God save the King
Seats Two Guineas
Seats 5 Shillg
Seats three Guineas
Seats in the second Floor only 2s-6d
Seats in the Gutter one shilling
Four Seats in this Window for a Guinea, Ham and Buttock of Beef included
Long live the King
With an exact View of the Lord Mayer carrying the City-Sword Bare headed &c
The London Courant
The Primier's only Motion made to fill the Treasury and enrich the Country or a Dose before the Tax Given by the Op *BRACKETED* by way of Experiment
Liberty
Honi Soit
Shakespear
Whitbreads Intire
Puff Puff Puff
Puff Puff P
Now by St Paul the work goes bravely on *BRACKETED* .
A Keen supporter
Well, as you guess *BRACKETED* .
My Dear Pat let us be friends, you know what happiness it will be to me to have an Union with you: I will make you Rich & give you plenty of money & provide for your Children. I have got the Treasury at my Command do not look so unpleasent, let us drink a pot of Wisky together.
Union Bill
Irish Wisky
Eron Go Bra.
You be D------d; No Union by Jasus what do you want of me: are you not after starving your own Country & Bringing them to Beggary, none of your palarver for by the Holy God I will be after tipping you my Shalany
Of base Ingratitude possest, With rank Rebellion in his Breast Tho
St Stephens Walbrook
Come forth and Hearken full soon all ye that fear the Lord / What he for my Poor Soul hath done to you I will Record
Map of Jersey
we come—let who dare call us Hags— I come—I, Eldon I—"Old Bags
I, N—c—s V—t come To humbly Kiss the Royal Bomb
I T—y W—ly, loyal soul— Will take its measure with a Pole
Behold I come—Old G—y R—e And in the touchhole thrust my Nose
I, C—h will low beseech To kiss a corner of the breech
bomb
John Hangemchop
How durst you make so vile a peace? Look at me & see what you deserve
I will never more dabble in Politicks
Monsieur has actually outwitted us
Oh that we had left Lord North to his fate
I hope it will not be Block and Block with us
Preliminaries ...
Magna Charta rights & privelege of the subject—every mans House his Caslte *BRACKETED* —Trial by Jury—No imprisonment without Trial
Magna Charta violated!!! *BRACKETED* Alass my poor Country Corruption will prove thy ruin
The Wonderfull Wild Man from the West, the Greatest Wonder in the World
This, Sir is the wonerfull, wild Man of the West and just arrived by the Venture Bomb Ketch, he is not very quiet at the appearance of any thing Royal, but is particularly savage at the sight of a Prime Minister, or Speakers Wig *BRACKETED* he is ungovenable at the sight of placemen and Pensioners *BRACKETED* , hates Corruption and all such sorts of Carrion, he raves much about a thing call'd Magny Charty, which some say is nothing but nonsence. he brings a power of people here, we never had so many since ever we shew'd wild Beastesses
A great Curiosity indeed keep him here! keep him here
Bless me!! how mad he is
New Curios/ the wild Man, / the Watcheren, / the Porupine *BRACKETED* , / the Percevial, / the York Bear / —God save the King
The Wonderfull York Bear this beast has been purchased for Four Thousand Pounds a Year & would be a great ornament to Smithfield or the Old Bailey
The Great Ass, call'd the Percive-all Ass—he is famed for doing all the drudgery & dirty work of the House he is peculiarly attached to his present place & employment, & is very mild in his disposition
The Cheatem *BRACKETED* Goose this wonderfull Bird did great execution on the coast of Holland, last season, & was hatched in a pitt
The Porcupine Monkey from Lathbridge in Somersetshire, so called from his hair standing on end when he makes a motion
Drolls
Sung with unbounded Applause by Mr. Fawcett, in the New Comic Opera of  OPEN>> Two Faces under a Hood
Paris
Treaty of Alliance
Mens turpe *BRACKETED* , Corpore turpi.
Damn his life his body I want
who altho
Lather
Reform
Economy
Retrenchment
Reform
Retrenchment
Economy
I m afraid they'll burst before I shall catch 'em
Bellerophon
Capitain la grace que je vous demande c'est la vie sauve.
c'est à quoi nous nous attendions.
L'on voit bien qu'il n'est pas Français
God dam qu'il est petit.
La Maison d'Autriche à cesser *BRACKETED* de régner *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> :  OPEN>> la dinastie Napoléoniene à régner et régneras *BRACKETED* sur les Espagnes
Je suis le dieu de la Guerre
Charming! delightfull scene! O its Heavenly! D—n Brighton what lovely women—come here's the Beauties of the Isle of Wight!
Come! come! don't you see I am here.
G.R
Burke on the French Revolution
Liberty
"I preserve consistency, by varying my means to secure the unity of my end.
Reflections
cit
Yes-Yes - the Beef is very good - so is the pudding too - but the deuce a morsel do you get of either Master Boney
Your health Master Boney wishing you a merry Christmas.
oh le Pauvre Dillon
Encore Encore.
Ca-ira
oh by Gar dis will be de brave news for de new association in England.
Oh! sweet Sir John!
or the Imbecille Alliance of Tyranny to Crush the Universal Spirit of Liberty, defeated.
Liberty
Ptersburgh
Portugal
Cicily
Aus *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  and  OPEN>> Vienna
Naples
Berlin
Cicily
South America
Domingo
The cultivated mind Disdains Slavery
The Breath of Liberty
Universal Freedom or Universal Death
Tyrants beware—the Spirit of Freedom is come forth. & Woe to them who dare Oppose its progress Mark England, America, Domingo, South America, Spain, Portugal Naples, Cicily & look to it. Russia Prussia & Austria, not even the Walls of China shall long arrest its March
The World or Fashionable Advertiser
Hannibal
Charles XII
The Ton: Anecdotes, Chit-Chat, Hints and On Dits; Dedicated to all the Gossips. By the Author of The Greeks, the Pigeons, Fashion, Modern Belles, Modern Beaux. To Night, Dress and Address, Life, High and Low, &c . . . London: Printed for J. J. Stockdale, No. 41, Pall Mall. 1819.
ample  OPEN>> plumage
Ville de Paris
Count de Grasse
Discolour'd
Displayed
o Bourbon
Jamaica
Down with the French
o Begar
A Bill for ref *BRACKETED* East India *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Part of a circular table is visible *BRACKETED* ; on the ground lie a dice-box and dice. Beneath the design is etched:  OPEN>> Is this a Diadem I see before me? ------Come let me clutch thee, I have thee not, and yet I see thee still, Art thou not fatal Vision sensible To feeling, as to sight? or art thou but ------a false creation Proceeding from the heat-oppressed Brain? Mackbeth
The Pit of ruin
I am an armed Neutral
Gratitude oft prompt me on to help thee, yet I refrain'd
He shall neither ramble nor roar in America, to disturb Congress; he shall only stand on the Defensive
He shall make peace before Count de Estaing *BRACKETED* goes on his dreadful Expedition
My head is in a Labyrinth when I think on War, so Monsieur must have his terms
I hope the peace will be approv'd of, then we shall keep our places.
My honour  OPEN>> d Sirs, who me pretend to lead, Tis plain the office does not sute your head. Your hearts like mine all dangers should engage, The more my foes, the more enflam'd I rage. Who leads a Lion, should himself be bold, But you are Dastards, and it shall be told. By France I'm injured, yet you ask them peace, What shall I call you? puppies, sheep, or geese? To know you're such, go ask each British Tar, Which would a Frenchman ask to end a war. O'er the Atlantic, in the martial field, You held me in, and now you make me yield; And tho' I'm able to maintain my State, I fall by Goose-caps, and by Fox's prate. I want the brave to lead me on to fight, To scorn a Peace, till I have all my right, But you're scarce fit to lead me out to sh------ How hard my fate that such should me control, Who realy are without a British Soul, For ever blush, for all the wise can see, You are but Asses and make one of me.
He is stronger than Gibralter, but happy for us he is intangled by his leaders
The old Raskel's Roast Beef keeps him too strong for us all; but his leaders are Asses
The harangues of the British Patriots help me more to Independancy than 40000 Men
I wish I could have stood Jack on both, sides and smok'd my pipe
This Plate is designed for a Memorial of the Strength of the British Constitution, being able to cope with four Powers: and also to truly represent a Set of frantic, sophistical Patriots, who when they had wrangled themselves into Ministry, found themselves intirely incapable of the Task, Therefore very suddenly made very humiliating Concessions to France, to obtain a Peace, to the great Mortification of every true Briton, {the British Lion being in full Strength and had just obtain d some glorious victories over the French and Spaniards.) Thus by a desponding Ministry America got Independency, and France attain'd all her perfidious ends
The Corsican Thief has slip'd from his Quarters \\ And coming to Ravish your Wives & your Daughters
Loyal Bills distributed pro bono publico
Sherry Andrew's Address
Play Bills
Let him come and be D------n'd! - what cares Johnny Bull! \\ With my Crabstick assured I will fracture his Scull! \\ Or I'll squeese the vile reptile  OPEN>> twixt my Finger & Thumb, \\ Make him stink like a Bug, if he dares to presume!
List of the Volunteer Corps
God save the King
Navy List.
Rule Britannia
London Gazette
List of Captures
Imports
The Roast Beef of Old England
As once on a time a Young Frog \\ Beheld a large Ox that . . . \\ . . . O the Roast Beef of Old . . . *BRACKETED* .
Heroes . . .
Live Free or Die Slaves
to devour the Women & Children
Consular Monster
Englishmen
First Consul Rascal Scoundrel Rogue
Invasion of Great Britain Pillage Destruction Rapes Murder
Ravishment Conquer or . . .
Corsican Cruelties 4000 Turks murderd after laying down their Arms at Jaffa *BRACKETED* - 500 Sick Soldiers poisond in Egypt *BRACKETED* O Lord! - O Lord!
Address to Britons blood Murder Cut Throat Butcher
Devil. . .
Little Boney's delight Sword Fire Destruction
John Bull as he sat in his old Easy Chair, An Alarmist came to him, & said in his Ear,  OPEN>> A Corsican-Thief has fust slipt from his quarters
'Let him come, & be D------n'd!
They say a full Thousand of Flat-bottomed Boats Each a Hundred & Fifty have, Warriors of Note -  OPEN>> All fully determin'd to feast on your Lands - So I fear you will find full enough on your hands  OPEN>> John smiling arose, upright as a post.  OPEN>> I've a Million of Friends bravely guarding my Coast  OPEN>> And my old Ally Neptune, will give them a dowsing  OPEN>> And prevent the mean rascals to come here a Lousing.
Alexander and Frederick swearing over ye Tomb of Frederick ye Great to extirpate ye Corsican Butcher from ye earth.
Alexander ye Great at the Tomb of the Prussian Achilles.
Sacred to the memory of Frederick
Treaty of Tilsit
Spain
Prussia
Austria
Germany
Alexander ye Great & Frederick ye Little
5000
3300
Corsican Tiger
Royal Greyhound
Patriotic Greyhounds
Dutch Frog
It will be my turn to have a slap at him next.
Iohn Bull
cit
There was a little Man And he had a little gun, And his Bullets were made of lead D------n me but we'll manage him amongst us.
Russian Bear & Austrian Eagle
Now Brother Bruin is the time to break our chains
Papa Lache, lache les courois de ta cuirasse et jette la a terre tu courrera plus fort.
L'aimable Enfant il ce *BRACKETED* sert des mêmes mots dont je caresse mes Officiers et mes Généreaux.
This Placard was posted on the Walls in Paris
D—n Moscow
Last Dying Speech of Boney
Dutch Pug
Map of France
To Be Nockd Down to the Highest Bidder
New Taxes & Leives *BRACKETED* for the Spo . . of the War Conscrip . . .
Road to Viania
Iohn Bull
Asses was made to bear and so am I.
A World of Taxes
Triple Assessed Taxes!
Taxes
Dedicated to that Prince of Satyrists Peter Pindar Esqr by his humble Servant Richard Newton
Plate 8th—but alas, in the midst of my towering prospects, while I was yet hesitating between a Radical-Reform and a Revolution, & doubtful whether to assume the Character of Old-Noll or Jack-Cade,—down came my Political-Register, & the fabrick of my visionary greatness vanished. my Schemes for my Country's good perished by the blaze of my own Candles!—The Ghost!-------slid? *BRACKETED* —Lord forgive me for swearing!—the Ghost of Captn Powell utter'd a scream of Joy.—little Jessy's brandy-faced-bitch of a Mother—Lord pardon me!—called out for Justice!—the Bats and Harpies of Revolution hid their heads in the gloom of night,—and to compleat the horrible Scene, the rigid Pawn-broker of Hell, Old-Beelzebub, entered and demanded his property,—the Forfiet-Soul, which I had pledged!—Lord have mercy upon me!—Our Father!—to the Truth of my accusation's!—oh!—oh!— oh !—Hell-Flames. Vide My own Memoirs in the Political Register—1809.
the Forfieted Pledge—"my Black Soul I pledge to the Devil for the Truth of my Accusation Wm Cobbett—Witness . . . Goold Judge
Court Martial Chelsea
Remember Powel
Hall
Seton
Justice
the Groans of Hampshire with the Cries of Little Jessey and the Screams of his blasted Brandy-Faced Bitch of a Mother
Beelzebub Pawnb *BRACKETED* Nota Bene. Damag'd Souls taken in Pawn
Cobbett's Political Register
Cobbetts Register—The Hell-Fire-War in Spain—Oh damn Wellesley
Plan for to Hang up all the Public Robbers without Judge or Jury
Hints on ye Rights of Napoleone the Great to the Throne of Great Britain
The Jubilee—a Damned Ministerial Humbug upon the country
Stupidity of the Whigs
Bank Notes our Rum
New Parliamentary Reform
Necessity of a new Party
Blasted Ignorance of Ministry
No Suspicion, Quite Innocent
More Subjects, More Students
Dedicated to the Noxian-Selected Com¬mittee
burking
a mere flash of the Pan
I have now finish'd my Seven Years Plan of the N-v-l Uniform; next the Marines must be Blue, faced with White, & White Buttons. I shan't let the Guardships cruize as formerly, a bad plan, give me young Officers that know little, then I may shew my skill - The word Merit should be expung'd from the Dictionary. Next Year I must set a few more of the old Ninety Two's aside, & have smart young Admirals. I'll have a general reform soon.
cabbage
Dict. Vulgar Tongue
And I'll have a general Reform soon as I shall get you before you are aware of it. I've ting'd your Heart so may safely leave you to go on
*BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , see BMSat 10677. Heading to engraved verses:  OPEN>> Sung by Mrs Jordan, with unbounded Applause at the Theatre Royal Drury Lane.
I am sure it is not my fault, That I must die an old Maid
Hush sweet Darlings of my Heart, now I have begotten you, We will carefully nourish & bring you to maturity, come Nurse Grey prepare the cradle for Master Revolution, while Erske, Amuses Miss Sedition
There my favourite Girl, There is a rattle made out of the Jewels of a Coronet.
As for the House of Com------ns We will not in it prate For like Subordination, Tis grown quite out of date, & a Begging we will go.
These D------d old fashioned Robes will be brought to a good purpose now for these favorites, did you hear my last Lecture.
Have you heard from Sheerness.
B-df-d
We'll stitch up these old fangled Garments for our beloved brats.
I can't help thinking on the Poor Duke of Orleans
Aye that was a cursed Unlucky Stroke! he paid a long visit at Wooburn *BRACKETED* Eh?
To the Delegates
Shewing a specimen of his Cossack Pantaloons!!
Patterns for the Nobility
I'll prove these Cossack pantaloons *BRACKETED* Are like Two continental Towns Call'd Too long and Too loose!!
Curse the Needle! I shall never make a Tailor. I'd sooner drive four in hand thro
Have patience you Goose— arn't you laming a genteel trade and paid for your prentiship! I like it mainly, I shall be able to stich with any maid in the house in another week.
A Goose
1816
1715
Mem *BRACKETED* um Skirt too long lapel too short.
Cabbage Basket
Stays & Corsets for the Masculine Gender by Sham Peter
An Essay on Fashion by Tom Tinsel Esq Dedicated to Lord Sham Peter by the Author
Plan for Cutting out & altering your own Cloaths to cheat the Tailor of his Cabbage
Stays & Corsets masculine
Cutting Out on Arithmetical Principles Illustrated with some curious Cuts Part 1st Simple Cutting
A new plan to keep your Servants from the Ale-house by learning them how to make and repair their own Liveries by Sham Peter
Hints from Toulong & Thoulouse
The Best sort of Opposition Coals to set the Nation in a Blase By Charles & Co. The coals are heaped over a low arch or culvert under which is the horned head of a devil among flames, representing a coal-pit. A flag, inscribed  OPEN>> Fullers Earth to take the stains *BRACKETED* Out of Government
Come Billy let Us Shake Hands & Unite
No No Charley Keep with Your Old Partner Under the Coals
A Collier was very Earnest with a Fuller, pressing Him that they Two might take one House, & Live both together in It. My Friend, replied the Fuller, You must excuse Me: It would be very improper for us to Cohabit under the same Roof. No Pleasure nor Profit could accrue to me thereby; nor indeed could I expect Other than Troubles & Inconveniences from it. Consider with Your self how very Pretty it will be, when I have made Goods delicately clean, for You to make 'em as black as Your Coals. Aesop's Fables 88th
"Is it meet that we should take the Bread from our Children & cast it unto Dogs
Petitions from Every Parish in the City—against the unjust & Greedy demands of the L: Clergy
Claims of the London Clergy
Woe unto you, Scribes & Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye devour Widows
Woe untoye ... *BRACKETED* for ye are full of Extortion & excess
For ye are like unto whited sepulchres ... *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* ;  OPEN>> They are not in trouble as are other men: neither are they plagued like other men
Their Eyes stand out with fatness: they have more than heart could wish: OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* ;  OPEN>> They are corrupt & speak wickedly concerning oppression: they speak loftily
We like the Parsons very well, but we like ourselves better—so hold firm
All the corruption is of their side & look what a Cur'tis that is supporting them—
To attempt to drain money from us at a time like this is shameful—'tis a disgrace to the Cloath.
Dash my wig! who would have thought the Sheep had got so much pluck *BRACKETED* , as to oppose us!!
Pull away ye jolly dogs! & hold fast behind or the d—d sheep faced Villians will certainly prevail against us
as the Duke *BRACKETED* got 10,000 a year for doing nothing I dont see why we may'nt get a few thousands for doing nothing also— so pull away my boys!!!
You are so d—d fat, I can't lay hold of you
Hungary dogs: *BRACKETED* will eat dirty pudding but d—d the dirt I say so long as we can get the pudding
Stir up dirt & it's sure to Stink! we had better have been content with what we had which you know was quite enough
I've a great mind to send my beloved flock to Everlasting!!!! !!!! Damnation!!!! *BRACKETED* for their cursed opposition.
Milk & Honey
Save us good Sheep
For yr Children's Sake, save us
Save us good Masters
Help help.
Save us good Priests! Spare us good Parsons!
Ye greedy wolves! what the devil do you want? have ye not got your full of us?!!!!!!!!!!!
A Quakers toast.  OPEN>> Confusion to the Black Slugs that devour the 10th part of the poor mans property
Jure Divino
Some acct of a desperate attempt to obtain the—Golden Fleece
Sermons agst Covetousn *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ;  OPEN>> The Beggars Petition
And a Begging we will go—a Catch to the tune of the Vicar of Bray
The Fat of the Land
"The Revd & very Revd Mendicants of ye City must be a little sore when they see ye Petitions from their beloved flocks, who come forward in such numbers to show how little they deserve what they are begging.
Views of Calcutta
Price Current Calcutta Market Grain Rice Bran Paddy Agent
Via! via! hiss hiss s s s.
Bergamot
Republica Genovese
Her Modest looks a Cottage might adorn Sweet as the primrose peeps beneath the thorn
I can recognize no power in you to enoble any one—and I shall not degrade myself & the Service by sitting at the table with such a fellow as that.
What will the larboard birth say to this?!!
Grace was in all her steps, Heaven in her eye In all her actions *BRACKETED* dignity
— Chaste as the Icecle, That's curded by the frost from purest snow And hangs on Dian's Temple —  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* NATIONAL LOVE!— A scene in the palace of Murat *BRACKETED* , with Vesuvius seen through a window *BRACKETED* . The Princess, in her Turkish costume, walks with Pauline Borghese, their arms interlaced. She places a wreath on the bonnet rouge which decorates a bust of  OPEN>> Murat
Principessa Paulina
the loyalty, well held to fools, does make our faith mere folly
Which way shall I turn me How can I deside The Prospects before me I long for to Stride But 'tis this way - or that way Or which way I will John Bull at his Post Is prepared with a pill
Messalina
Messalina, Catalina, Carol
Plan for Assinating *BRACKETED* his Majesties Ministers
Seized with a sudden Drowsiness upon a prosy orator rising to speak
D—n the Bober—but I must put the best face on a bad business & tell my good people of Paris *BRACKETED* that my Grand Army is in Snug Summer Quarters. *BRACKETED* —whoever *BRACKETED* , I must tell them, that we are going on in prime twig, quite, Swimmingly!!—& lay all the blame on that infernal Bore the River!!
Yes, upon my vord dis is de nice cool quarters.
Vive la Emprl. .
Oh! by Gar me no like dis vater vidout de vine.
Oil D—n you save let my Tail alone.
Douvre
Calais
Moka
Poivre
Indigo
Free Trade
what if I am wedded to a thief taker I've often done worse, beside I shall get somthing *BRACKETED* by it.
To Hell
Stand by there, move that Stone out of the Way hollo Music there play God Save the King d'ye hear take care Sire mind that Step, louder there Music make room for the best of Kings & wisest of Sovereigns! Encore.
No! no! no Jacobins here all Loyal all Loyal, Charming Man the Author eh! charming Man, never saw him in such a good light before.
bless me I never saw that General at Court
Maidstone Loyalty
*BRACKETED* ow Evening performed a new play called the Loyal Author to which will be added a Peep behind the Curtain Vivan *BRACKETED* Rex et Regina
Veluti in Speculum
Anti Jacobin House
Town and Country Magazine
Histories of the Tête-à-Tête annexed; ...
who in the last war in Germany increased the national debt many millions, to fill their coffers
GR
the Prince of Wales, Duke of York, and a select party of their friends
supped privately in the cotillon room
London Chronicle
Memoirs
derrière
Dam me if I like it I have a good mind to let go
My Eyes Jack our Girles at Wapping are never flogged for their modesty,
By G-d that's too bad if he had taken her to bed to him it would be well enough, Split me I'm allmost sick of this Black Business.
Or the Inhumanity of Dealers in human flesh exemplified in Captn Kimber's treatment of a Young Negro Girl of 15 for her Virjen Modesty.
Scourge
Grand Kitchen of Europe
British Spit
British Basting Ladle
Portugal
Spain
French Gasconade
British Bravery
A Stew
A Pickle
Hollands
Think of the great Days when void of all fears Of Wind & Rain sweet Queen Bess appears She taught her Maids of Honour their Caps to defend With oil skin hoods - when her Breakfast they attend. Behind her good Chancellor seated; And are with Beef Steaks & Onions all treated
The Rutland Volunteers
Ode
Villa Vellia Ford
The Combined Army of France & Spain consisting of 40000 Men at 3 Miles distance
Genl Burgoynes small Brigade 3000 men
Burn's Justice
Break-Neck Shire
Gentlemen I am not going to the further end of the Country to prove what I say; the Road which I am obliged to pass to my nown House, is quite unpassable to any thing but a beast. I likeways move that lamps in the Parish be taken down every night, and hung up every morning, to prevent their being broke: Agreed. Resolv'd that the thanks of this meeting be given to the Chairman for his Partial conduct: passed Crim. con
Down with the Bank
No Popery
Tho
Junctæque Nymphis Gratiæ decentes
St James's
Mene Mene, Tekel, Upharsin
Vive le Roi
Despotism
Pommes d'Am *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , while she holds up a tumbler of wine. In front of him is a decanter labelled  OPEN>> Maidstone
Tower de Londres
Bank of England
Prune Monsieur
Maraschino
Oh de Roast Beef of Old England
Regency Washing Tub
74
Be a little easy with that wind, or by God you'll upset every Ship.
A Sailor's lifes
P.P.P.
Huzza, huzza, The British Navy for ever!
Sir, I would not miss it for a mint of money, as I am certain it will be as glorious as the Valcherine expedition *BRACKETED* .
Really, Sir, I dare not attend the Naval exhibition, as I am so stuff'd up with wind that my presence would be very dangerous.
Window tax
Tax'd
Reform Bill
The Times
What a glorious thing it is to enjoy the liberty and independance of an Englishman!
Constitution
Imbecility
I shall make it spin as long as I can.
Keeping it up!!
Still ye have predilection for the Serpent—
A Ruseio Dutch Game
Il faut le tranquilliser!
Ou plutot protocolliser!
Si non Polonaiser!!
Ah! Messieurs! On ne jou *BRACKETED* pas bon jeu!
Serment non suspecté
Serment Inviolé
Here I am Johnny, safe and sound, The Duel over: - no harm done
Bless thee how glad I be to see thee come back safe. - why didst thee risk thy precious Life! what would have become of I if thee hadst been Shot! how I should ha miss'd thee! No one to ha touch'd up a few little new Taxes! Nobody to tell I, that I was the happiest Old Man alive and that my pokes were over-running with Money!! makeing one believe everything is right, is every-thing thee knawst - what a loss I should ha had o thee.
City Address to their Royal Highness . . .
Vide - The terrible Effects of provoking a Red-hot Shot from the Broad-Bottom'd-Whig-Battery
Green-Goose from Brentford
Petition - Humble Petition against Rd Brin *BRACKETED* Sheridan for Bribery Corruption . . .
Scr *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  and  OPEN>> Impeachment Marquiss Wellesley
Brief - Paul versus Sheridan.
Paul
R T
Perjury
Forged Letter of Richd Br Sherridan.
No Bastille, to show that they belonged to Burdett's election mob, see BMSat 9878, &c. *BRACKETED* . Other papers on the ground are:  OPEN>> Bribery
List of False Votes - J. Powell
Witnesses - Conkey Bean, Bill Soanes, Drake, Hart ye Informer - .
Expences of the Election
Cobbetts Political Register - Attack upon the Sheridans.
Fly Wretch and hide thyself in the only Pitt open to recieve thee.
Wha Wants Me
We
Constitutional Sheers
The Powers above have stopt my flight, so help is not in me poor Hal.
Co *BRACKETED* Bank
Navy Office
Curse this Dog he will have it all away from me again, I shant be able to keep it now
The Arrival
Auld lang syne
Should auld acquaintance be forgot . . .
An
Lord
Dean
lord , writing at a table, receives the visit of a dean, who bows, hat in hand, and proffers a money-bag, asking for a bishopric. On the wall hang a mirror *BRACKETED* with a pair of candle-sconces and a framed landscape. On the floor in the foreground are documents partly cut and destroyed:  OPEN>> CHARTER COMMUNIUM Johannes del Gratia
LIBERTATUM give *BRACKETED* MAGNA CHARTA
HABE . . CORPUS Rex Magna B
Bill of Rights
nilla *BRACKETED* Ransom
and Grant beloved
List of persons proper for Pensions Rever *BRACKETED* ons and Places for life &c. for his M-----y's private inspection. Sign'd J. E. of B------e *BRACKETED* M-----d *BRACKETED* Lord N-----n. *BRACKETED* a Pension - 4000 L------d Bingley on the I-----h E. *BRACKETED* 3500 Sr. G-- B------n. first Com. C------m 3000 Siniora B------a for Sr G------t 250 Mungo Cam------r. and a Pension *BRACKETED* 1500 D------n of G------r *BRACKETED* Vicar of Bray first B------k *BRACKETED* insouable *BRACKETED* C. J. F.... *BRACKETED* . Beneath the design is engraved in two columns,  OPEN>> DEAN. My Lord I hope your goodness will excuse This early Visit, since my only views Are center'd in the glory of your House, And now have brought a trifle --- for your Spouse Of which I beg her kind acceptance-------then Rank me my Lord, amongst the happiest men. LORD. My rev'rend Dean, I'm glad to see you now, Early or late; or any time, I vow: What news abroad, my rev'rend Dean, what news? Somethings behind - have you no trifling views In which my Int'rest can the least avail-------? DEAN. Indeed, my Lord, there is a flying tale That my good Lord of B------h *BRACKETED* declines so fast With Age, and Gout, this fit will be his last. LORD. I know he  OPEN>> s old and cannot long be here: But, revd Dean, you know -- what 'tis a Year:  OPEN>> Twill gain me Friends----------- DEAN.-------My Lord I know that's true, And all the Int'rest in my pow'rs your due In future times the same shall me controul My Friends------Estate-------my Body, and my------- *BRACKETED* , LORD.  OPEN>> Tis well my rev'rend Dean - all's very right; On these conditions you're put down to night, You shall succeed------- DEAN.-------All grateful thanks are due; My gratitude shall shine, my Lord -: my Lord adieu
Satirist
A Story about Humpty Dumpty
Pillar of the Constitution
Rock of Liberty
Cap of Knowledge
London
Liverpool
Hull
Dublin
Bristol
Cork
Glasgow
I am free myself, and my Ports shall be free, and All my pockets filled—Have I nourished the Serpent till it stings its Benefactor?
How dare you call a Charter a Grant? I'll Grant you!!!
You shall find a great deal of Gall besides Ben-Gall
We will Cant-On
Let us try Gull if we cannot Mo-Gull
Alas I am no better than Rajah Pout
Oh Mysore!!!
Humpty Dumpty sat on the wall! Humpty Dumpty had a great fall! Not all the Kings horses, nor all the Kings men Could set Humpty Dumpty up again!!!
Thank them for pleading our cause and particularly for their assertion that the rightoman Catholic Religion is totally altered, make the people believe that, and we'll soon give them the second part of Fox's book of Martyrs.
Bad luck now, better next time please your Holiness.
Bless you all my Children, for the great good you intended us, but it is not in Mortals, to command success, My Master here, will be very much disappointed
Oliver
Well Arthur. What's the News?
"We announce on unquestionable authority that a serious difference has arisen between a great Personage & his Prime Minister
Satirist
To Reading
Hallet for ever.
By J—s I'm his home made freeholder Huzza
Ill register his deeds!
I have registered them already.
Newgate Callender
Requisition Budget
More Money, John! - more Money! to defend you from the Bloody, the Cannibal French - They're a coming! - why they'll Strip you to the very Skin - more Money. John! - They're a coming - They're a coming.
Budget
Treasury
Ay! Ay! They're a coming! They're a coming!
Yes! Yes, They're a coming.
Ay They're a coming.
- a coming? - are they? - nay then, take all I've got, at once, Measter Billy! - vor its much better for I to ge ye all I have in the World to save my Bacon, - than to stay & be Strip'd stark naked by Charley, & the plundering French Invasioners, as you say
Brest
Magdalen and Female Penitentiary Asylum 1816
To Mr Waithman
Come Mr Dimity mouth! what are you squinting at, be modest I beg of you.
Bundle her over! but be carefull of her Linnen Drapery as we prevent her from getting another yard.
O! you Wretch.
I'll pick a couple for my own private use D—n me!
Corporat . . Dinner on Thur.
Bad luck to your Turtle Nose.
I say you there with the garnish! we are all in the Straw here, so I hope you'll take care to supply us with caudle we can get some at Spillers! as we pass.
Go along you little Devil you nasty beast, you bad girl, I'm resolv'd to have none of your fornication in the City! Shove her up Billy *BRACKETED* ! *BRACKETED* .
O! you Barbarian to treat a poor Thing in this manner you must be Stone or Wood I'm sure.
By particular desire of the Society for the suppression of Vice D of K—t in the chair Ordered—that City Officers do keep the Streets clear of common Prostitutes & other disorderly persons—Wood Mayor.
Riot Act.
Theatre Royal—Busy Body . . . The laughable Farce of Silvester Dagger Wood.
riot
O! D—n you.
you may be D—d.
I'm a City Constable you B—h.
I'm a Constable!! pray who are you Miss!!
I'm a modest Woman & be D—d to you!
Corn *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  and  OPEN>> Lombard Street
intended as one of a series of illustrations for the nonintervention System
"Slaves I have set my life upon a cast—And I will stand the hazard of the die
Down with the Russians
Reform
Dom it if I was'ent so busy I'de come and lend, you a hand myself
Tax on Ho *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The farmer looks triumphantly over his right shoulder at a group of spectators standing at the door of the inn, and snaps his fingers, saying,  OPEN>> Pitt be D------d
Joe Jolly 1784
cit
I say Nothing.
Ill trot for you - Ill gallop for you all over the globe - Oh happy day for Scotland - and see how pleas'd John Bull looks - ah Johny, Johny, this is indeed a glorious triumph!
What is life without a Friend
Whitbreads Intire Butt
Impeachment
High Crimes
Misdemeanors
Peculation
The New Windsor Castle
GR 1829
J. Eldon & co
Ya! hip!—I've done the Rats—after all!!! George IV looks from the window, saying,  OPEN>> Now my old boy, I've put you on the box again, let 'em see WOT you can do—.
Licensed to Carry what We choose
March of Brunswick
cad
I'm the Man Wot can Weather-all!
Protestant
A. Wellington. Emancipation Carrier
Cad
List of Military Supporters
Catholic but not Protestant Emancipation
Them Rats wot I last Caught have turn'd out to be infernal bad Un's!—
Proposals to Whigs & Tories
Advertisements for able Assistants and Glasses for the **** *BRACKETED* to look through
Strathfieldsay
To the Virgin
7
8
3
4
Let not the heavens hear these tell-tale men *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> Rail on the Lord's anointed—strike I say
The King shall be contented: must he lose The name of king?
Some common way of Trade— Shakespear
Beggars Petition
he very bad man!
he very naughty man!!
Accost, to address - to salute -
England
Scotland
Fashionable Dandies
1425, 1623, 1723, and 1825
Hail! Thou Production most uncommon, Woman half-man and man half-Woman! vid: Epistle
Erin go bray
Fraternite
barrels of Usquebaugh
Beef and Pork
Linen
Potatoes
Erin go bray
Which way shall I escape ? If I fly from the Bear and the Eagle - I fall into the jaws of the Lion!!
Co Estates ready to Assist
Why! Mynheer you have got your Yoke off
Yaw Mynheer
I thin *BRACKETED* Mynheer's right and now's the time Don to get ours off
The knave who occasion'd the bloodshed and woe Which the M-r *BRACKETED* victims have shewn, and still shew,
Satirist
. . .,  OPEN>> alias
Come Gentlemen see first if you can agree—if not we'll all fight!
I am ready to treat or to fight
Infernal Scoundrel
I will wear an independant Crown.
My Friends! all we wish is Peace.
I ll countenance Austria into our interests.
I'll be damned if I go to meet a Frenchman in Prague, while there is a Frenchman to meet in Spain!!!
God save *BRACKETED* eat G *BRACKETED* our King
Ballanamonioro
Carlo Khan
Come, Come Sir, - No grumbling *BRACKETED* I insist on your embarking and destroying the modern Carthage - dont you consider the liberty you enjoy - and the grand flotilla that is to carry you over!
D-n such Liberty and D-n such a flotilla!! I tell you we might as well embark in walnut shells.
Peace you Combin'd fools, I'll give it you Monsieur for your Presumption
O Rodny my back
these strokes are to *BRACKETED* severe
Tranquin . . . le *BRACKETED* lost &c.
I'll be peaceable on any terms
O the Deceitful French
France
Dutch
Spain
America
Da-n *BRACKETED* the Frog give him another Dozen.
The Little Admiral giving the Enemy's of Great Britain a Flagellation
Capricci fatti per
IX Mile
Two London Bucks upon the Road A Countryman o'ertook And most maliciously began To Banter, quiz, and joke;  OPEN>> Well Measters,
You take me for a Fool, But Sirs, your Saddles I can prove, Are each of them a Mule.
Indeed!
How can it come to pass?
Because they are
Between a Horse and Ass
République française une et indivisible
1. Le bonnet de la liberté rayonnant de gloire posé sur la Carte géographique de la République Française son éclat ébloui et surprend tous les tyrans rassemblés.
2. Le Coq emblême de la vigilance et de la République française penètre dans l'enceinte avec le signe de l'egalité d'ou part une foudre qui les décoëffe
1
3 Le tyran autrichien *BRACKETED* coëffé à la coblentz souleve la carte pour déranger la bonnet de la liberté, mais son aigle superbe frappé de la foudre entraine par sa chutte sa couronne sous la qu'elle sont les serpens de l'envie appanage de la maison d'autriche.
4 Le tyran Prussien dit à la Cateau du nord qu'il soutiendra le tyran d'autriche, quoi qu'il ne L'aime pas.
5 La grosse et vielle Cateau *BRACKETED* voulant tenter de faire encore une sotise, mais la foudre de l'égalité attaque la pompe ridiculé qui fait tout son bonheur. Ses beaux projets sont aupied de son trône designés par unfeu de paille et un vaisseau démâté.
6 Le buttor ou tyran de la Pologne relegué derierre le rideau de la vielle Cateau, montrant du doigt sa couronne déja dechirée par elle
7 Le tyran Amendé ou roi des marmottes, ayant un pied de nez de voir les esperances de ses deux gendres *BRACKETED* au néant.
8 Sire d'Espagne tyran des deux mondes voulant se garantir avec sa main de l'éclat du bonnet glorieux.
Toulon
9. George dandin tyran d'angleterre dans les bras de l'infernal Pitt, qui lui fait verser de l'argent pour corrompre.
10. Pitt agissant pour le benet George veut accrocher Toulon, ses pieds et ses mains ergotées désignent son caractère diabolique.
Bulle
nulle
12. Le tyran de la chretienté connu sous le nom de St Pere! tenant dans sa main une Bulle qui termine par le mot nulle. l'esprit qui lui dictoit étant à plat sur le dos à ses pieds. un nuage efface l'éclat de la thiare.
11. Le singe Napolitain après être longtems reste sous le tapis déclare sa coalition pour imiter ses confreres, le double ornement de sa tête est auprès de lui ainsi que son joujou, la haquenée qu'il à l'honneur de présenter au Pope.
Royal Roley Poley
Royal Horse Collar
Oh dear! Oh dear! who wod have thought the Pole had been so rotten! —I wish I had a new one:—however this Hertford Road is so d—d rough I'll not drive on it any more—I'll go the Richmond road next time.
Oh! My Back!—Oh! My Side!! curse you & the Pole too: I was a great fool to trust myself with such an Old Stick—I've got into a pretty mess by it! what will the M—q—s say to it?!!! !!! !!!
Mile from Windsor
10,000 pr annm
Oh! my Arm!!!—D—n the Spurs! 'tis a d—d good thing I did'nt break my Neck!! indeed it would have been a hell of a fall as it is, if it had not been for this Cushion
1 This is the House for Cash built!
The Treasury
2 This is the Cole *BRACKETED* that lay in a hole in the midst of the House ... *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . A circle of sacks, their mouths converging on a heap of guineas; coins escape from holes in the sacks.  OPEN>> 3 This is the Youth who to speak the truth look'd after the Cole, that. . . *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Pitt, his head in profile to the left, sits on a bundle which from its shape appears to contain all the sacks in  OPEN>> 2
4 This is the Scot of fortunate lot who flatter d the youth who . . . *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Dundas, wearing tartan, with Scots cap and plaid, stands in profile to the left.  OPEN>> 5 This is the Patriot shatterd and shorn once in esteem but now forlorn a friend to the Scot. . . *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Wilkes *BRACKETED* stands full-face, in old-fashioned but elegant dress.  OPEN>> 6 This is the Boy with speech Complete who spent all his money before it was meete, that smiled at the patriot. . . *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Fox *BRACKETED* stands directed to the right, hat in hand, as if in the Commons.  OPEN>> 7 This is the Lad for dashing away, who on every subject has something to say, that stuck close to the Boy... *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Sheridan stands directed to the left, his head in profile, right hand outstretched in an oratorical gesture, a paper in his left hand.  OPEN>> 8 This is a Blade in Jesuit rug who wrote a book to make himself snug, but frowned on the lad . . . *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Burke, wearing a biretta and cassock *BRACKETED* , with a shawl or rug hanging from his shoulders, stands directed to the right, his head in profile. He holds a large book:  OPEN>> Ans *BRACKETED* to Pain *BRACKETED* Rights of *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , and scowls through his spectacles with an expression of pedantic arrogance. *BRACKETED* see BMSat 7627, &c. His book, see BMSat 7675, &c, was answered by Paine's  OPEN>> Rights of Man
Vive l'Egalité
our friends seem to be giving us Turnips—Cam
No Corn Bill
You are good-for nothing
If ere that Cruel Tyrant Love
None but the Brave dsere *BRACKETED* the Fair
There you rouges, there! there's the Boney Part - twenty more killed them!! twenty more killed them too!! I have destroyed half the Army with this same Toledo.
Bless the Warrior that saved our Virgin charms
take care I'll smother him with Kisses
Oh! what frightful Heads how ravishing they look, - they would have used us ill I am sure
ha ha, thats, that great man little Boney, how glum he looks.
ah bless him he has saved us from Death and Vileation.
There you Poltroon look how that noble Hero's Caressed!
Ods Niggins I wish I had been a Soldier too then the Girls would have run after me - but I never could bear the smell of Gun powder.
The Yeomanry Cavalry's First Essay
as for you, you Dog of no Religeon I'll sacrifice you at the tomb of the Prophet whose name You have prophaned for the purpose of Murder, Rapine, and plunder.
now mild and gentle Sir dont be so rough do you think I would cut your throat, ravish your Wives, or plunder your house, no by Mahomet, I would not, Sacré Dieu I would not Ah Diable You'll choak me!!
pray dont hurt our dear friend, he would not hurt man, Woman or Child, he cant bear the sight of blood, as for plunder or deception, he is the determined enemy to both, by ----- he is and we are ready to Swear it.
d------n me if he aynt and we are ready to Swear it.
I'll Swear it I I I
you agree so well I think I'll fix you together for Life
ah my General was tell me he make my fortune
Cobbett's long hidden Treasures or the Relicts of Paine
How to delude the Populace.—An advantageous distribution of the Words Liberty, Tyranny, Slavery &c does wonders with the populace Cobb Vol 2. p. 114—I now say Water Water-Water!!!
Paines *BRACKETED* Reason
Cobbetts Pol. Reg
Revolution
Corruption
Plague
Welcome Welcome.
Hunt and Cobbett
Black Dwarfe
Welcome, Welcome, Brother Scribe all our differrences are ended.
Riot Deb . . .
*BRACKETED* ty
Yea, Verily, Friends we rejoice, that the Evil spirit hath departed from us!—
Yea Yea Yea.
Ah! Ça ira.
Porter
cutting Miss Porter, in St. James's Street, on her return with Mrs Meil *BRACKETED* and her Sister, from the Ball, at the Palace, on the Queen's birth day Jany 18th 1790. N.B. An ex post facto Law was made to hang Jonathan Wild, whose attacks were on the Property only, but the above Criminal for attacking the Persons of the fairest of the Creation, is subject to no more than Transportation for Seven Years, a punishment by no means proportioned to the Crime, nor fit, as it may afford the Wretch an opportunity of exercising his cruelties on the Females of another Country.
The Monster as he appeared in disguise
The Way the Monster ought to be drawn
The Monster as he appeared on Trial.
The way the Monster ought to be Framed
Emperor of France Spain Holland Italy Switzerland &c &c.
Malta
Cape of Good Hope
Ceylon
Trinidad
Here I am Johnny, Arrived at last, like to have been lost at Sea, - Poles of the Chaise broke at Dover, Springs of the next Chaise gave way at Canterbury & one of the Horses fell & overturned the other Chaise at Dartford, ah Johnny I wonder I have ever arrived at all
Odd's Niggins!!! Why is that you? have I been waiting all this time to be blessed with such a poor Ugly Crippled piece? and all you have brought with you is a quid of Tobacco and some Allspice
Why John, be this she you have been talking so much about
Sung with great applause by Mr Hatton in the Character of Ferrit; at the Theatre Royal Worcester, in the popular Farce of We Fly by Night!
The King
Tokay
Gin
Champa *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Claret
Burgundy
France—How are the Mighty fallen!!!
England
France
France and D'Enghien Avenged
Wright
Georges
Pichegr
Moreau
Palm
Hofer
Plan for the Invasion & destruction of the British Empire
Project for Universal Empire
Robespiere
Marat
Blood and Rapine
The End of Usurpation and Tyranny
Prussia
Russia
Sweden.
Portugal.
Spain.
Holland.
Germany
Poland
Italy
Saxony
Netherla *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Denmark
Switzerland
Brabant
Hanover
Sung with unbounded Applause by Mr. Bannister, Mr. Dignum, and Mr. Taylor
Potion suivant l'ordon
Carte de France
Méditerane *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , the other showing  OPEN>> Ocean
Suise
Moscow
N
Fontainebleau
Buonaparte, Docteur voyez dans quel état je me trouve j'ai pris des bains de sang, j'ai fait des levées en masse et rien ne m'a reussi ..... *BRACKETED* quel régime suivre? .... toujours le régime actuel n'est-ce pas! Le Docteur. Non . . . non il faut revenir à l'ancien régime. B . . . . De grace donnez moi quelque prise de conscrits vous me sauverez. Le D. Vous vous sauverez sans cela, vous en avez trop pris . . . Evacuez c'est votre dernière ressource! B. Ah Docteur! je n'ai fait qu'évacuer depuis Moscow jusqu'à Paris! le D. tant mieux il faut tout rendre
Freedom of the Press Transportation
Bill of Rights
Magna Charta
Law of Libel
Liberty
Mr Bull removed by the Tax Gatherers over the Way.
over the way
Pray Remember the poor Debtors.
Bankrupts
Free discussion—a farce__ Right of Petitioning, reserved to Families only.
Tampering at Elections—allowed to Ministers only!! Lord Lieutennants of Counties & other Local Authorities must be tools of Government—for Necessary Purposes, employ Clerical Magistrates *BRACKETED* .
A Dukedom
Horns
God save great George our King
Windsor Cottage
Savings
Licenced by Authority Billy Hum's Grand Exihibition of Moveing Mecanism or Deception of the Senses
Now pray lend your Attention to the Enchanting prospect before you, This is the prospect of Peace, only Observe what a busy Scene presents itself, The Ports are filled with Shipping. The Quays loaded with Merchandise, Riches are flowing in from every Quarter this prospect alone is worth all the Money you have got about you
When plenty's free—distress'd no more, And Poverty's A SIN; When we've all enough and some in store, THEN, here's—The Land we LIVE in
There my fine little fellow - what do you think of that prospect - I always told you there was nothing got by staying at home, - that is the way to dish John Bull
It is certainly a very inviting prospect
I always said with the help of our Old Master we should have him at last
St Cloud
Honi soit qui mal y pense
les Russes
Les Prusses
Bathurst—Dundas
£900-saved
Superannuations
Majority 18
République
Reform
Liberty
The Age of Reason
Liberty
Equality
Commander in Chief of the Indians in the Back Settlements of America
Being persuaded to put your finger into the Cage of a Parrot and to rub his pole, upon an assurance from its doating mistress that it is the most gentle Bird in the Universe, suddenly feeling the sanguinary effects of its beak
London / Gazet . . / Extraordin . . .].
Defeat . . . / French
Louis Baboon a Paris
Lee, Putnam
V... D
Je te sacrifie encore tout cela!! ....
Tu y viendras aussi
The Buz bees Address
When energising objects men persue What are the prodigies they cannot do.
As Harlequin had smote the Slumberous heap And bade the rubbish to a fabric leap So will I smite this little Buz bee's r- And make the Rogue with rage Poetic jump.
I'm the great Buzbee.
go off
off off off go home go home,
'tis a very bad Address
go on.
The Frog in a Cock'd Hat
Recitative
amorous
chaise-horse
Kett's Castle
Legendre
Citizens {Honble Sirs and Gentlemen have been scored through) Since the days of old Kett the republican Tanner Faction always has seen us lost under her Banner, From our Country's best Interests we've ever dissented, In War we're disloyal, in Peace discontented. In our City good Patriots and Levellers swarm, And our Sectaries bellow aloud for Reform; Though from various Causes our Trade is decay'd, On this War all the blame we have artfully laid; Wyndham's Virtue & Spirit we cordially hate, We renounce all respect for the Church & the State, Our John Bull we've cajoled to go down on his Knees To ask you for Peace, and receive your Decrees. signed Legion
Sonata for the Grand Piano Forte composed by . . . Haydn
Sovereign—Windsor and London
the Humbug & Co London Windsor
Emancipation
Old Womans Petition
Bigotry, Ignorance, Intolerance, Loaves, Fishes, Pensions, Places
The Sovereign
I say governor we've done em up at last, they will never recover themselves any more.
No No, they are quite done up that post has smash'd them.
Floored by George.
Aye Aye George we've gotten a Coachman now vot is up to a thing or two, and knows vot is vot.
Why the concern has been in a bad way some time they say that it is so rotten that all the Rats abandoned it.
Its lucky they had few passengers.
No wonder they upset they had too much rubbish on the roof
True Patriotism Honor Truth Liberality
Va-ten Cocquin.
Votre tres homble Serviteur Monsieur.
To France
Burdett and Independence 70,000 Pr Anm, Stake in the Country
Mainwaring And Corrupt Influence with o.o.o Stake in the Country
Holloa Mr this Fellow has not marked your Vote you had better come back and see him do it.
You have decied *BRACKETED* me and robbed me of my Franchise & I'll seek legal redress.
I say you Fellow what do you eatt by marking my Vote to the wrong Candidate I told you Sr Francis Burdett.
I dont think you have any right to Poll, beside I am ordered to Object to every one on your Side therfore you must go to the Sheriffs.
I dont Rellish *BRACKETED* your going to those Votes *BRACKETED* for if you do they'll have a large Majority
It's true I did promise to examine your Votes but since I have been instructed not.
Don't let them bamboozle you you came to Vote for Sr Francis Burdett
If you don't Vote for Aris's Friend you shall lose your Licence
Barrymore
The Military Adventures of / Johnny Newcome, / with an Account of his / Campaigns in the Peninsular and in / Pall Mall: with / Sketches by Rowlandson; and Notes. /...By an Officer *BRACKETED* . / London: / Printed for Patrick Martin, 198, Oxford-Street, / . . . / 1815
Ah my old Friend I am very happy to see you.
Thee mayst say that I have got a job for thee in my Pocket here
Prince Regent
Seven Champions
Wellington—England
Frederick of Prussia
William of Orange
Alexander of Russia
Ferdinand of Spain
Louis of France
Francis—Austra *BRACKETED* &
The last 20,000£ Prize sold by Martin Cornh *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The next holds a similar shell:  OPEN>> 1000£ Prize sold by Martin
Two 500£ Prize
Commerce
Duets de l'Amour
Ovid
A Philosophical Enquiry into the origin of our Ideas of the Sublime and the Beautiful
Patent air Blunderbus *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; the missiles are papers, which fly towards the Doctor, who puts his hand to his head, exclaiming,  OPEN>> I have got a severe blow from some hidden enemy but I'll find them out, and punish them as they deserve!
Caledonian Mercury—Anglicanus Letter Ist
Caledonian Mercury
Anglicana Letter II
Anglicanum Letter III
Aliquis
"Take that, and may it wound thee even unto death! Ferdinand Mendez Pinto is but a Type of thee, thou liar of the first Magnitude!
If I had brought my double barreled Manton *BRACKETED* with me, I would have done it effectually
You are a good shot Harry! when the gun is loaded to your hand. I did not spare the powder and wadding I do assure you
By St James you have not floored him! but I am constructing a mill, which will grind him to powder!!!
Brownie
Ma conscience! Beau Ideal *BRACKETED* , you have hit the nail on the head! Ma conscience! wha ever heard o
Treasury
Take care to secure the *BRACKETED* Jewels - I have hitherto been confin'd to the wardrobe but now mean to preside at the council and with Billy's assistance the name of Schwellenbig shall be trumpeted to the remotest corner of Rag Fair!
I know nothing of the matter I follow Billy's advice
My Sons Right
Taxes 1789 By Bllys *BRACKETED* Desire - Petticoats *BRACKETED* - Blue and Buff Cloth - Devonshire Brown Silk - Portland Ston *BRACKETED* - Fox Muffs
Behind this petticoat battery with the assistance of uncle Toby *BRACKETED* , I shall beat down the legal fortifications of this Isle, and secure the Treasury at the next general Election
I think myself as much entitled to be Regent as the Prince of Wales
My Diamonds will now befriend me. Huzza.
he never meddled with a Petticoat before
The Wishing Stone
This Poor Fellow opens his Mouth and shuts his eyes to see what Ministers will send him
This Simpleton went all the way to Bristol merely to stir a Fire, and then found the Poker heated at the wrong end
Old Matchless after paying postage
Sir. I will take and pay for all the Blacking you can possibly make, when we have universal Suffrage and Vote by ballot
Matchless Blacking
The President of the Political Disunion
Whigism
Radicalism
The nearest way to Popularity be cautious
National Political Union
National Union of the Working Classes and Others
the more I see, the more I am convinced that there is no having to do with any but gentlemen; that is, with men of education
This poor Man has got sadly bogged endeavouring to catch some small Pork for a set of Irish Wags who call them Tithe Pigs & their Property
Which is the heaviest a Pound of Feathers or a Pound of Lead
How can I drive off without my Insides
Dind'nt *BRACKETED* you say tho' it had been worn it was'nt harm'd
Vel mine goot friend it arnt Arm'd
Capital Plan this. Stitch our own Breeches *BRACKETED* Kill our own Mutton Sole our own Shoes in short do without the Rascally Radical Reforming Tradesmen
I say Weather-all if you make your shirts so dirty I won't wash them
Oh mine's dirty work
Foul Linen
Mind John those Bands are our vested Property We place them how we please because we will do what we like with our own *BRACKETED* , so take care you dont break a thread of them
Aristocratic Privileges
And mind your Coat Tail dont disturb that pretty little Image of Despotism our friend Miguel
Folly; Primogeniture; Corn Laws; Prescription; Customs
Lord My Lords but I can neither Work nor Eat in this position and whats more can't get no Reform
Scene. A Noted Flash House, called the St Stephens. Present Filtch, Macheath, Peachum, Locket *BRACKETED* , and the rest of the Gang
swell mob
Vel, I say ve have all a right to take care of ourselves an Families Vorts the good of being a Officer in any gang else and as for the Gemmen vot disguises themselves in in *BRACKETED* the Vigs, they vorks hard for what they gets. I should like to know who among us says different?
Oh none I sure vots sober!!
None
None None
The Old Swant *BRACKETED* Ordinary on Sunday
Adonis
Stay Mak *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ;  OPEN>> P. Fudge Esqr to Staytape
P. Fudge Esqr to Pump
P Fudge Esqr for Perfumery
Chicken Gloves
Essay on Man by A. Po *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . On the wall hangs a pistol labelled  OPEN>> not loaded
Bergamot
Lav *BRACKETED* , Circassian Bloom
Creme de Rose
Eau de Ninon
Patches
A lad who goes into the world dick like me, Should have his neck tied up, you know, there's no doubt of it; Almost as tight as some lads who go out of it. Whith Whiskers well oil'd, and boots that hold up The mirror to nature;—so bright you could sup Off the leather like china; with coat, too that draws on the tailor, who suffers a martyr's applause!— With head bridled up, like a four in hand leader, And stays—devils in them.—too tight for a feeder, I strut to the Old caff *BRACKETED* Hardy.— vide Fudge Family in Paris
They have assaulted me some Three, Four, Five, Six of them together, & I have driven them afore me like a Flock of Sheep; - but this is nothing, for often in a mere frolic I have challeng'd Twenty of them, kill'd them; - Challeng'd Twenty more, kill'd them; - Twenty more, killed them too; - & thus in a day have I kill'd Twenty Score; twenty score, that's two hundred; two hundred a day, five days a thousand; thats - a - Zounds, I can't number them half; & all civilly & fairly with this one poor Toledo!
I'd as lief as twenty Crowns I could talk as fine as you, Captn *BRACKETED* . They are standing outside the door *BRACKETED* of a dubious place of entertainment. Over the door is inscribed  OPEN>> THE WHIRLIGIG Alamode Beef, hot every Night
This is the Lad'll kiss most sweet Who'd not lovea Soldier?
Vide; Every Man in his Humour, alter  OPEN>> d from Ben Johnson
Meteor
cit
Commercial Alterative
Wellington Drops
Liverpool Lancet
I have an infallible lancet which Iohnny bares his arm to very kindly, see how the Blood flows, who says the Bull's exhausted?!!
Waste Butt
Pension Places &c
for Dinners &c
Subsidy
Pensions
For Fetes
Princess Charlottes Establishment
Pensioner
Pensioner
Placeman
Secret Service Money
Stop Cock
P P P
Fill it brim full, Mac!
Leave me alone to take care of the privy Purse.
Chancery Suit
They may call us Quacks if they please but we are on the Right side of the question & it shall go hard but we'll keep our places
Total Defeat for Bounaparte
Cheap Bread
Cant you be aisy John. *BRACKETED* hen take these Bolus's they will make you bleed freely. And my Friend Death, there is preparing you a reptile soup, an infallible specyfic in your case.
Regency Froth
Hanover
Dresden
Leipsic
Orange Boven
France Invaded
What! My shop door open,! My business going on!! Hurrah hurrah, little Boney destroyd!!!! Leipsic taken, Hanover restored, Holland free & France invaded!!!!! Is not this too much to swallow?
Allied Pestle
D—m you I'll Doctor you.
England
Prussia
Russia
Sweden
Law of Libel
Curse you what do you want here.
Reform
I knew they would drive him Mad at last nothing can save him but applying the Axe to the Root or Sawing off the excrescences of ye State.
Fat Sincure *BRACKETED* Tellings of the Exchequer
Pretty goings on—well I'll be off—Broad Bottoms for ever I say *BRACKETED* .
Aye Aye they will be no good without Us.
Visitor
Please your Honor I am a Tax upon Income!
Mercy on us! - am I never to be at Peace - this from his size - must be the commanding Officier of the Squad!
Good bye - Mr Bull - we are very much obliged to you for the Services of last year - very much obliged to you indeed!!
cit
List of them London Corresponding Society
There! - there! - see the causes of all our Woe! - Oh! my ruin'd Country! - Enslav'd! - ah Traitors! - Expiring Liberty! - precious, Aristocratic Villains! - Oh Unaccounted Millions! - murder'd Myriads! oh, Gallows! - Block! - Guillotine! - Caira! Caira!
Bravo! - Bravo! - but it should give more Emphasis to the beginning of the last Line of Exclamation.
Bravissimo! - Encore the Unaccounted Millions! - Encore! -  OPEN>>  The scroll is inscribed:  OPEN>> Ministerial Crimes & Misdemeanours. - Ist Espousing the Cause of Loyalty & Old England. - 2d Making War against the Enemies of Loyalty and Old England. - 3d Destroying the Navy of the Enemies of Loyalty & Old England - 4th Capturing Malta, & all the foreign Possessions of the Enemies of loyalty and Old England. - 5th Ruining the Commerce of the Enemies . . . *BRACKETED* . - 6th Paying off the National Debt, in spite of the well-wishers to the Enemies . . . *BRACKETED* . 7th Uniting & Defending our Irish Brethren, when Invaded by the Enemies . . . *BRACKETED* . 8th Refusing to break Faith with the Allies of Loyalty . . . *BRACKETED* 9th Holding out to the last, & Fighting single-handed with all the Enemies . . . *BRACKETED* 10th Rejecting the profer'd Reconciliation with the Enemies of Loyalty and Old England, until Peace could be ratified upon Honorable Terms.
. . . French Principles and destroying Democratic P ... 16th Extirpating *BRACKETED* the Hydra of *BRACKETED* Faction .. . Loyalty & Old England.
18th - Destroying all hopes of a Revolution & leaving the Enemies of Loyatly *BRACKETED* & Old England to Despair & to hang themselve . . .
Last dying Speech . . . Aristocratic Ministry
Scheme of Ministerial Equality.
Thel *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Revoluti *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Cromw *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Machiavel
Tom Paine, Abbé Seyeis
Rob'spear
doublures
Protection
poison-cup
O
P
Old House Old Prices & No Private Boxes
Old House Old Prices & No Pigeon Holes
N.P.B.
G.R
Good Ground of Opposi *BRACKETED* Subscription Book
4 Per Chaldron 20,000 pr Anm
Heriditary Income D'Aubigne
Thou hast done those things thou ought not to have done And hast left undone those things thou oughfi *BRACKETED* to have done.
Holy Water
I will make the Hereticks repent calling me Whore of Babylon
I perceive our Holy Flame break out Already
Brother, we seem to Move pretty Fast.
St Peter's Keys
Combustibles
Indulgences
Holy Water
The Purity of the Protestant Religion, will Confound the Arts and Errors, of the Church of Rome
We must upon them, with Spirit
They have got too much Footing Already
With a load of Destruction, here Babylon's Queen, Triumphant, a driving to England, is Seen. Chains, Combustibles, Rods, with Gibbets & Racks. Declare her Religion, besides Whips, & Axe. Yet I hope, tho' the Lion appears fast Asleep, An Eye o'er our Church some good People will keep That the Bald pated, Bare footed Bigots may see, Our Worship is pure, & our Country is Free
All the Talents, &c. Vide the Fate of the Catholic Bill
Catholic
Arise & meet his Holiness, bend thy knee and worship him
Welcome to my heart most holy and Christian Pontiff - to thee I humbly bow and bend - Oh! grant me absolution, and may our meeting prove a blessing to my beloved but long oppressed subjects
Catalogue of Paintings
high art
The Witty Wine Merchant. Ay he will Wholesale you New Wine, and anon retail you old wit - Shakespier
... Mercer...
Letters to Sr J Gibbons
The Macaroni Scavoir Vivre and Theatrical Magazine
Rubbish may be Shot here
Tax Cart
I say Captain, twig that ere cove! . . . We'd better cut our lucky with this ere Swag
New Constitution House
Boroughmongers Traps set in these grounds By order of J. Bull
GEO . . . E the T *BRACKETED* by the Grace of. . . . of. . . . King *BRACKETED* ender of the Faith &c.
Holy Bible
Form of Prayer 4th Febry General Fast.
That thy Ways may be known upon Earth, thy saving Health among all Nations.
Scalping Knives, Crucifixes, Tomahawks, Presents to Indians 96,000
D------n my dear Eyes, but we are hellish good Christians.
Qui facit per alium, facit per se. Princ. Leg. Ang.
The Party of Savages *BRACKETED* went out with Orders not to spare Man, Woman, or Child. To this cruel Mandate even some of the Savages made an Objection, respecting the butchering the Women & Children; but they were told the Children would make Soldiers, & the Women would keep up the Stock. Remembrancer, Vol. 8. p. 77
The Greeks: A Poem  OPEN>> Venu de France d'une manière inconnue;
Greek
Gentlemen you are welcome, and I invite you to the Honors of the Sitting.
Be pleased to accept some true Poetic Tincture, and a small Box of Pizarro Pills.
I have brought a pound and a half of Patriotism for your eminence.
My New Work will make my Fortune
New Botheration Dictionary
I have brought him a Phial of Genuine Bastile Balsam
He'll not be displeased with a few Bedford Biscuits.
Oh Lord! Oh Lord! if this be the Bed of Roses they make such a noise about I'd sooner lye with the Old Sow and her Farrow in the Dog Days! - My Dame will roar woundidly when she comes to bed! Ecod it's as bad as lying on a Harrow upside down.
Expedition to Holland
Expedition to Ferrol
Jobs and Contracts
Pension List
Indemnity for the past & Security for the Future
No Peace possible with the child and Champion of Jacobinism
Places
Subsidies
Candle Tax
Hair Powder Tax
Hat Tax
Paper Tax
Snuff Tax
Game Tax
Wine Tax
Property Tax
Salt Tax
Land Tax
Stamp Tax
Assessed Taxes
Income Tax
Table Beer Tax
House Tax
Window Tax
Excise Duty
Horse Tax
Tobacco Tax
Soap Tax
Servant Tax
Malt Tax
Hop Tax
Sugar Tax
Legacy Tax
Tea Tax
Cyder Tax
bed
1807
1808
1809
National Debt
Oh Master Bull Master Bull! here I am set fast again and my Man too.
If it had not been for these Navy Biscuits I should have given it in before this.
Ah, rot thee this is the third or fourth time thee hast disturbed my repose with getting into Sloughs and Quags, Why doant thee get better Cattle; how can thee think such Asses could ever get through the Journey with such a Weight thee hast tried to get better - Why thee dous'nt feed them well enough There's some excellent old Horses in yonder plain, thee mought catch plenty of them an thee would offer them Corn enough, and as to their not matching in Color and size and Spirit I tell thee plenty of Corn would bring them all to and make them draw very agreably together, beside that large parcel at top there is enough to knock up all those Rips, - and you have taken the wrong road too.
Saint Stevens Common Stage Waggon N° 1
large parcel
Volunteer Act
Amendment to Volunteer Act
Improvement of the Volunteer Act
Revisal of the Volunteer Act
Acts of Parliament for 1804
Treasury
For Secret Service
Income Bill
Tax on Property
Army of Reserve Act
Bill of Indemnity
Levee en M *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Plan for Stoping Boulogne Harbour
State of Ceylon
Order
Unite and be Free
Royton Female Union Society
Manchester Female Union Society
Liberty is the birth right of Man
No Corn Laws
Hunt and Liberty
Stockport Oldham Middleton Union
Universal Suffrage Annual Parliaments and Election by Ballot
Taxation without representation is unjust and tyrannical
Saddleworth Lees & Morley Union
3—Mess. Pickfords and Co's Warehouse
5—-House where the Magistrates sat
Universal Suffrage Annual Parliaments and Election by Ballot
A View of St Peter's Place
Three Accounts of Peterloo
Society of Friends School
Windmill Public House
Bank of England
£
Key of Public Property
Power of securing Public Credit
one
one
Dividend
Scrip
Midas has Ears
Brest
Prosperous state of British Finances. & the new Plan for diminishing the National Debt - with Hints on the increase of Commerce
History of Midas, - The great Midas having dedicated himself to Bacchus *BRACKETED* , obtained from that Deity, the Power of changing all he Touched - Apollo fixed Asses-Ears upon his head, for his Ignorance - & although he tried to hide his disgrace with a Regal Cap, yet the very Sedges which grew from the Mud of the Pactolus, whisper'd out his Infamy, whenever they were agitated by the Wind from the opposite Shore - Vide Ovid's Metamorposes
Tie of Interest
Though you are a Fox by name & nature I hope to me you will prove no traitor.
While you can give me Place & Pension Your neck need never fear Extension.  OPEN>>  Under North's hand, and resting on Fox's shoulder, is a paper inscribed  OPEN>> Vicar of Bray
Debts of honour to my Lord Cog---150.1700
Plan for disarming the I------h. V------rs
Vicar of Bray
Sergius Cataline
Boreas
Stream of Corruption
State Vessel
Budget
Believe me friend quoth North to Fox, While we together scratch and Box, And in the House, incessant splutter, Ourselves bedaubing with state gutter, Like Æsop's Bear and Lion quar'ling, We lose the prey for which we're snarling; By mutual Interest bound, lets try To make this doughty Shelburne fly, If he  OPEN>> s for war why zounds he  OPEN>> s mad, If he  OPEN>> s for Peace 'tis all as bad, When once we've got the treas'ry chest, You're much in debt - mum for the rest.
The Greeks: A Poem  OPEN>> Venu de France d'une manière inconnue;
Greek
N° 4...N°... Text: / Promise to pay McCree *BRACKETED* , Trottoff *BRACKETED* & C° \\ or Bearer Two Pence when Melvillism shall have \\ received its just reward and when its effects also shall have \\ ceased in every department of the British Government. \\ London the 4th day of June *BRACKETED* . \\ For Self, Taffy Bull, Andrew Bull & Pat. Bull, \\ *BRACKETED* John Bull. \\ Pence TWO \\ Entd Saml Brownstout *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . On the left. of the text: a head blowing a trumpet from which issues a scroll, inscribed  OPEN>> 10th Report!!
Travels into Abyssinia by ...  OPEN>> . His hat is under his right. arm. Beneath the title is etched:  OPEN>> O Thou whose active search has dar'd explore Far distant Realms and Climes unknown before; Thy toils now finishd and thy dangers past, Spite of Thy self we fix thee here at last
Sung by Mr Emery *BRACKETED* at the Theatre Royal, Covent Garden. Written by G. Nicks. . . .
At last I found out that all folks of Condition Pass'd a Morning at Somerset House Exhibition: OPEN>>  He describes the  OPEN>> Picters
But to Portsmouth or Plymouth, if you'd only go There's a rare Exhibition we took from the Foe; There, the Enemy's Fleets safe at Anchor are shown Such a Sight pray what country can shew but our own.
All upright Members for ever
Ancient British Music
Ancient British Music
Toll hi de dol de dol de dol dol dol
Fox
Love & Liberty
Freedom & Fox
My evil Genius still pursues me, & false Oaths & Jemmy Twitcher can no more avail me
What can't Jemy give you no relief alas poor Twicher, then his Fiddle is out of Tune
Log-Book
Gazette Extraordiny
Gazette \\ Extraordinary \\ : Published without Authority \\ Monday May 26th 1794 \\ Berkeley Square
Intelligence from America Lie the Ist Intelligence from France Lie the 2d Intelligence from Holland Lie ye 3d Intelligence from Italy Lie ye 4th Intelligence from Algiers Lie the 5th *BRACKETED* I am &c. Malagrida
Gazette Extraordinary
bloody News Great News
Ça ira Ça ira
.... Credat Judæus Apella
Non Ego
Mon Droit
D *BRACKETED* et
20,000
20.000 more take them
Mal y P *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  are visible, and the crown is unsteadily poised. The Duke of York is in uniform; through his sash is thrust a long bill headed  OPEN>> Debts of Honour
D°
Genl, Coll, Comdr Govr, rangr, Comm Broker, Leapfrog *BRACKETED* , *BRACKETED* teacher, 100,000 pr Anm.
Taxes Income Assessed *BRACKETED* Fire Water Earth Air.
Oh give us some Bread
Lodging at a Farm House
I ha gotten a Book Sir her es half the whole duty of man— and we shant be so dull presently as they be going to toll the bell for the Tailor as is just dead
Weeds
Village Gossip
Yes Sir, one Thought you Mad another you was a fraudulent Bankrupt, hiding from your Creditors. Mrs Maggot said you might be a Papist Conspirator & the Beadles wife feared you might hang yourself & cause Trouble to the Parish
Thorns
Crossing the Farmyard
Patience
Rural Evening Walk
A Plague upon those rascally clowns sending one round about down the Bank, over the Moor—through Deadmans Lane & the Halfpenny Hatch—and now up to my knees in this swamp and—good Lord theres a thieves whistle
A Morning Walk
Blue Devils
Faux Pas
Bank Stopt Payment
To the Mem *BRACKETED* of Pickles
Was ever any poor wretch so beset by the blue Devils as I am—not ten o'clock yet, not so much as a mouse stirring through the Village, not a soul to speak to
Scourge
John Bull and the Rehearsal
Sha *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  and a number of open books. In its trunk is grasped a pretty young woman,  OPEN>> the expiring figure of Comedy
Congreve
Crumbs of Comfort
Holt the Property of Messenger Bell
Sop for the Critics
Sultan of Cashmire
King John's Mantle
care-worn actor
Royal / Menagerie / Covent Garden / This Evening perford *BRACKETED* / The Murder / of Shakespeare / a Tragedy / with the Farce of / Joh Bull / in Extacy / Principal / Performers / Two Bears / An Ass &c
Whitbreds Stale
Froth
The Storm / Luff Boys Luff boys / dont make wry faces.
A Guinea Pr Week for Native Talent
Treasury
Sherry
Lyceum
Tit tit tit.
ready to be swept away at the conclusion of the rehearsal
Theatre Royal Covent Garden—Positively the last Season of Mrs Siddon *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Behind her *BRACKETED* Romeo Coates riding a golden cock, his feet on the ground, pierces with his sword the throat of a prostrate man who holds up an open book,  OPEN>> The Fair Penitent
Lord what a Rowe.
Indecency unveiling Nature
Albion
So, my little Bantam, you are come to pay me a Visit—w'ell!! *BRACKETED* lets have a shake of your Claw.
Excuse moi! Monsr Le Lion, you gripe too hard!!
Though Bantam Boney, claps his Wings, Yet this we may rely on; He'll turn his tail, and run away, When e'er he meets the Lion
Newgate. Views of the Debtors Side
Mornings at Bow Street
trial
Do give me your advice - what am I to do - all my foreign Allies have deserted me - even Russia has joined them, they are all bending at the feet of the Usurper -  OPEN>> . John is a burly corpulent sailor, wearing striped trousers, and holding a cudgel. He stands legs astride, arms akimbo, lip pugnaciously thrust out. He answers:  OPEN>> What are you to do - why stick to me, your Old and faithfull Ally John Bull who will never desert you while he has a Timber to support him.
Satirist
meublomanie
a disorder, beyond all precedent epidemic
Messrs. Guichard, Oakley, Elliott Tatham, Walsh Porter, and other enterprising decorators
N° 1
a female crocodile couchant
To Sthephens Chaple
-  OPEN>> Sinking from Thought to Thought, a vast profund
Hopkins for ever, down with Wilks & Liberty
Alass! how unstable the affections of a Mob
Palais imperial a St Petersburg
nous venons nous refugier chez-vous
je me flattais que ...
je n'ai pas une seule chambre libre; j'eusse volontiers partagé mon lit mais. . . . vous êtes deux! .... voyez-mon frere Georges.
Palais St James a Londres
God dam! avec mes guinées qu'ils aillent . . . . à l'auberge.
Subsides
Coalitions
Rules for the game of ye Dutch Pins
Lovely Maid, assuage my Anguish! At your feet your true love sighs; Do not let your Dutchman languish, If you frown, alas he dies!
From what I feel, and what I see, There's nought about you that bewitches; Unless indeed a charm may be In a Dutchman's great big breeches!!!
To Holland
Who the Devil do you stare at? Get along about your Business
Madeira
"Hide your diminished Heads
Royal Ordinance Charles
John, I vonder if there ever vas since the Creation an Alderman possessed of so much courage as me *BRACKETED* to come to go into real earnest Danger, & all for one's pleasure! which is more than any other Officer in the whole of this here Fleet or Army can say,—now there's your Seizures *BRACKETED* , I thinks there were ten or a Dozen on 'em, then there's your Pitolomies & Cannibles & Poly-buss's & Eckserkses *BRACKETED* and all the rest of the bunch of Roman Generals—you never reads of any Alderman going out in any of their Exhibitions! no more Lord Mayors neither—! & thats a bold word to say, now John we must  OPEN>> bout Ship Speedy & soon *BRACKETED* for we dont know but one of Bonyparts D------d Bullets may get in to one of us then that would be a Bullet in *BRACKETED* that ve dont Vant but how do we stand for Bubb & Grubb & Grape Shot?
Why your Honor the Brown Stout is all gone, there is nothing left but the wing of a Turkey & Ham bone & a Bottle of Red—therefore as how we must steer speedily & soon for Port. Behind Curtis's head hangs a picture of the façade of a two-storied house:  OPEN>> A view of Jacobs well
The Monster
Hollo
If the lubber had not stood to it: they were both Ponies, I should have taken mine for a Cart Horse, - by the bumping in the Stern.
Hash
We live to eat
Resolved, That all persons not bound by Corporation laws to feed on animal food, be advised to content themselves with a vegetable diet, as it will much tend to reduce the price of Provisions
Hereford. Father H------ informs the Committee, that he is using his best endeavours to prevent the little farmers being guilty of monopolizing the necessaries of Life.
The Committee feel themselves much indebted to their West India correspondent, & hope a colinuance of his favors, as they very much wish to promote the Trade of the Islands.
The Committee return thanks to their Correspondent Sylva,for his kind correspondence, & would be very glad of the assistance of any other gentleman, in the like manner, they having a very great predilection for primitive living
The Report
Cure for a Surfeit and Good example a city Tale
The Cause
Moderation, an old story.
Resolved
That a bounty be given for the encouragement of the Turbot fishery
Resolved, nem. con. That corporation dinners do not increase the price of Provisions
Auctioneer
Bricklayer
Claret
a West India Trader to the Provision Committee
Sylva to the Provision Committee
Leek Porridge
j'offre aux français mon bras! mes troupes!...
ils n'en ont pas besoin d'ailleurs .... vous n'êtes plus Souverain.
la place de Hanau Hesse-Cassel les armes, canons seront remis
Proclamation
l'Angleterre me remboursera-t-elle le prix que me raportaient mes états?
allons nous-en Papa!
le ci-devant Prince de Hesse-Cassel petit émule de Brunswick ne Vendra plus a l'Angleterre le Sang de ses Sujets pour faire la guerre dans les deux Mondes
This most extraordinary species of Sheep are to be found in Bengal in the East Indies, though where they originally came from, Natural Historiens *BRACKETED* have been unable to ascertain. They are some what longer then the generality of English Sheep, which they always butt at and attempt to drive out of the field when they graze together, though they are naturally more timid and will run away immediately should the others stand; they are also remarkably frightened at the report of a gun, and have been known on such occasions to run very fast indeed in spite of their large hind parts which of course very much impede their pace. They are not generally white like the English Sheep but are to be seen of all colours.— NB. The one that this drawing was taken from, was a black Sheep
OTHO EMP
Depend upon it Sir, mine is the first house for for fashionable Articles in Monmouth Street, on the honor of a Salesman I have dealt fairly and honestly, I assure you, by the Young Lady's fashionable feather hat, I dont get a farthing - .
Come - come no palaver. I know you have cheated me pretty handsomely - but howsomever as my Messmate and I go partners in the ship and Cargo - it wont fall so heavy - but come my hearty - I'll tell you what I'll do with you - throw me in half a dozen laced Smickets *BRACKETED* , and we'll make it even money, I like to have it all rignt under the Hatches, you understand me - all of a piece from Stem to Stern, D----n me!
Why Poll I should scarcely know you - You look like a Bond Street frigate steering towards Pall-Mall - but I say my lass I dont much admire your gib-boom - it puts me in mind of a scuttle fish in a fresh gale.
Reform Booth
I may as well lead off, he's done—
Poor Colonel, I fear his Family will Turn out but so so—Dead Lame, and his Eyes Weak
Colonel
Give him a strong dose of my Purge *BRACKETED* and take one yourselves, it will do you good
The Grey a million to fifty, no takers
calling some sweet lady fair / His jewel and his honey
John Bull
NB. He is perfectly Fireproof—having been engaged in Hot work all his life.
Mind what I say—I'm the Man wot Can do the Trick—There's no mistake about me!!!
Fama
Ah Master Jean Bull you have bruise my poor Scull you blow up my poor Comrade you brake my heart, you take all de Money - Vas for Boneyparte.
Ah ha Monsieur, Bull, you never declare de War, nor we no declare it yet, before we got home all de Treasure.
What you did not expect I suppose? but as we were up to your tricks, we thought it best to be down upon your Dollars & you may tell Boney this is not the last disapointment he will meet with.
Dollars
I say Old one, what we got the Weathergage of you he? Mayhap you'll come to an explanation now, so send your Friend Boney to settle it
Great Alarm
To Germany
Pts Supply Waggon
This is to Give Notice, that lately has been lost or Stolen from an Eminent Great House in the City, Immense sums of Money, Belonging to Messrs J: Bull & C° which has almost Ruind & made them Bankrupts, & put all their Connections in a funk & Consternation as it will Cause Great Confusion & Stopage of Money Circulation, the said Money is Supposed to have been Seized Upon by a Combination of Notorious Swindlers, who have long been a Pest to the Public in General, Whoever shall lead to a Discovery of any of the Party Or Parties Concerned in the Above Nafarious Proceeding & give Account So that the Said Embezzled Property of J: Bull & C° may in some Measure be Restor'd again Shall be Handsomely Rewarded by Applying to any of the late Established paper Manufactory's God Save Us All
This fashionable Pair of Buckles going to be knock'd down to their Original Owner at one Guinea does nobody advance upon one Guinea 2 going going 22s is bid Gentlemen
The Last days sale...
if I purchase the Provision & naval Stores that were formerly mine, may I Ship them to any Neutral Island
Ay Ay, if you give a good price for them you may Ship them to the Devil, & goe with them yourself as super-cargo if you like it
Inventories of Effects belonging to the Inhabits of St Eustatia
Keys of the Stores
a Guinea
Twenty two Shillings
When will Ad------l Rod-----y & Genl: Vaun leave this Island
I shou'd imagine tomorrow, as the Sale will be closed to night
if he had done his Duty, & had been with his fleet instead of keeping 3 ships of the line here while he was minding the sales we should have beat the french off Martinico
What ship is that
The Sandwich waiting till the sales are Close'd to take Adm------l Rod------y & Gen Vaun to the Fleet
walk in Sir heres a Catalogue
A little of this kind of discipline will keep you in the right road my old boy.
Rods in Pickle
Be advised by me and I'll give them a twitcher
N
Be guided by me and go North about
shall a Lion regard the barking of Dogs
Let us put our own Laws in full force.
I'll defend you as long as it is my Interer
I know you are all my friends and will take care of my Estate
History of England Henry VIII
The Chronologist. N° 7
Blue ruin
Here's a devilish fine fellow for you I declare he is exactly like the Old un!
Scourge
Veni Vidi Vici.
WAR
Connundrum
Phenix
Rise Spirit that can never rest, Offspring of Treason!—sweet Bloodthirsty soul— come forth!!
Ah! ha! by gar now shall begin our Bloody work again.
Rise! Rise, thou favord son of Fate! Death or a Diadem shall reward thy labours.
Treason
Rapine
Murder
Vive l'Empreur.
Return of Boney to Paris
Decision of Congress
May it please my Prince but these are events we never calculated upon. I had no objection to the Sacrifise of Saxony. to the Ambition of Prussia, I had no objection to the Views of Alexander upon Poland I had no Objection to the Transfer of Norway to Sweden I had no Objection to the Union of Belgium with Holland I had no Objection to all these things but I could not foresee that the people would be dissatisfied and wish for the return of Buonaparte, to which I have every Objection.
Acct of my Expences
How? shall I lose Hanover shall I lose all we have been fighting for.
Phenix
Jewels
Gee up Neddy, adieu to the lilly in the violet season adieu to my good City of Paris.
To Belgium
To Vienna
Solomans Temple
temple
Poland
Ill have this.
Norway
give me some of that.
Saxony
Ill have this,
No you shan't Ill have it.
Belgium
I'll have that.
Corsican Fox
Gallic Cock
But my good Friend you promised to bring me home some Spanish Grapes, and Portugal Plums, where are they.
Believe me my dear Doodle-do - you would not like them - I found them so  OPEN>> sour
touch
Romeo & Juliet
Gentle-m *BRACKETED* Shavd for 1 Penny Glas of Gin
Purl at 4 o'Clock in the morning
In Liquor-pond-street, it is well known to many, An Artist resided, who shav'd for a penny, Cut hair for three halfpence, for three-pence he bled, And would draw, for a groat, ev'ry tooth in your head.
Turkey
London
Plan for turning St Pauls to a Bazaar
Bazaar
Bazaar
Bazaar
Destruction to Poor Shopkeep . . .
List of Places Intended for Bazaar House of Lords, House of Commons, Carlton House, St Jame's, the Monument, British Meseum *BRACKETED* , Bullocks Meseum *BRACKETED* , Drury Lane & Covent Garden Theatres &c &c &c.
Excambrean Baza . .
This Monster who is a Native of Turkey has lately made his appearance in London & such is his power that by first appearing in Soho he got Acquainted with Mr Tr-t-r sinse which he has Spread Destruction through all the best houses in Town to the Great anoyance of all poor Shop-keepers.
Reform
Nolumus Leges Angliae mutari
To lead the Crowd midst Faction's Storm I rode your Hobby horse Reform And found my Arts prevail Till other Lev'llers rul'd the Mob And then I lost my Seat and Nob Take Warning L.........
Spectacle du Monde en Miniature
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Rambler's Magazine
Grant of £60,000
Royal favor
I now find that you are the best of Princes
Sure! the worthiest of Subjects & most Virtuous of men
Nh B N° 45
Essay on Woman
O rare Forty five! O dear Prerogative! The Wolf shall dwell with the Lamb, & the Leopard shall lie down with the Kid; & the Calf & the young Lion & the Failing together: & a little Child shall lead them. Isaiah. Chap. xi. V. xvi
This Beautiful Princess was conveyed from the Prison of the Conciergerie to the Place de la Revolution,... amidst the whole armed Force of Paris; she still preserved her natural Dignity of Mind, and Ascended the Scaffold with seeming composure, looking Firmly round on all sides. . . . The common Executioner immediately tyed her to the Board, and the Groove being fitted to her Neck, the Axe was let down. . .. Thus died in the 38 Year of her Age, the Daughter of an Emperor, the Wife of a King, & the Mother of a Prince called the Dauphine at his Birth.
Town Talk
Spirit / of / The / Book / Chapter / of / Evidence / and / Delicate / Investi/gation
Perigord
Berlin
Vienna
Antwerp
Paris
Impeachment
I will to the peoples ear a tale unfold, shall make their matted and combined locks to part—and each particular hair to stand on end like quills upon the fretfull porcupine.
"Angels and Ministers of Grace
Hide it, oh Hide the hideous Spectre from me!
Records of . . . Court of *BRACKETED* cy
INOCEN . .
I will have Justice on my enemies!
Impeachment
We have examined witnesses and in the name of the Commons I impeach those men.
Witnesse *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Other heads are poorly characterized. The Ministers on the left of the throne all register terror at the apparition. Lord Liverpool, in front, is on his knees, his hands clasped, exclaiming,  OPEN>> I knew not of thy wrongs mysterious Spirit do not let thy Anger involve me in the ruin thou threateneth to my unworthy colleauges
New Taxes for 1813
oh that I had never been a commissioner! or that I had been a more upright one.
Ruind! lost, for ever that d—d book will haunt us for ever.
Commissioner, said'st thou, say not that cursed word again, it racks me with the Tortures of the Damned, Avaunt Grim Spectre.
Oh dear this is worse than Walcheren its all over with us *BRACKETED* .
Song by Catalani
Mother! where are you.
Wonderful Museum
Whole Duty of Man
K. Wisdom 3d
Little Red Riding Hood
Let us dance & Sing,------God bless the King,------For he has made us merry Men all
Express ...
G.
G.R.
Westminster Petition
Bring every Flow'r that can be got Pinks Hyacynihs & Roses, We two will drink out of one Pot And Fuddle both our Noses.
With Treasury Juice the Pot shall Foam For Reynard & for N-----h The People still may wish for some And they shall have - the Froth.
Gillray
We present ourselves before the throne of your Majesty & We pray that you will grant us as the Supreme Chief of our Republic: Prince Louis.
I agree to the request. I proclaim Prince Louis King of Holland - You Prince! reign over this People.
A Cup of Com *BRACKETED* for their discontent
The Frogs sent their deputies to Petition Jupiter again for a King he sent them a Stork who Eat them up. Vd Æsops Fables
Last Dying Speech And Confession
Copy of a Letter
Who'se to vait here all day. I tell you Vat, I vants my dinner vy dont you let me begin Business.
Turn them Off! Turn them Off I say no murmering t'was most of your turns long time ago.
It will thin the Land so many to Swing, upon Tyburn Tree.
My Lud, I'm Affraid we must have two or three more Gibbets, & Some more Jack Ketches, for there's so many Customers!
Consider I'm A Great Linen Draper, Orator, & A Weightyman in the City, if You turn me Off, you'll have no more of my fine long Speeches, that so often puts Guildhall in A Delightfull, and A Patriotic Uproar!
Irish
I'm a Citizen & Honest Baker no Potatoe Bread as my Vife says only now & ten *BRACKETED* A little Parish Pudding *BRACKETED* Ah! Spare poor Caleb Cake.
Tis Plaguey hot Bob But we shall have a good tuck out for this.
Liberty
My Speech at Guildhall
Applause
My Speech at the Crown *BRACKETED* & Anchor
Applause
Be comforted Brother Liverymen ; If the Lord Mayor turns You Off I'll give him A Dose of my Chemicals as shall make his Guts Grumble & Work like A Barrell of New Beer!!
Vox Populi
W
Froth
Master may get another Sarvant I vas hir'd to drive Horses not Asses.
No 45
O Lud! O Lud you Wood make Poor Snip the Marchant Tailor go to Guildhall & then come here Alack to be Turn'd Off!!
I'm a Citizen & Needle Maker! Oh! that I had been sharp enough to have kept out of this abominable scrape vat vill my poor vife Say! She, sont me here.
O Daddy What do the Gentlemen look so frightened For.
They are going to be turn'd off Yonder. Mind Jackey & dont keep bad Company for fear of Tyburn!
Liturgy Revised
39 *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> 40 articles
Common Sense
Ich *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  and head-dress of three ostrich feathers and drapery. She is very buxom, with conspicuously large breasts, but is about to place a pad or frame across her bust which will increase her  OPEN>> enbonpoint
ich. dien
Attic Miscellany
Chester
"I'll build you my Dear *BRACKETED* deer a neat Cottage close by, | Where We can retreat unobserved, on the sly, | So be not afraid of the old Cunning Doe, | Whose stale selfish Tricks are become quite So-so.
Sung by Mr Dignum, at Vauxhall Gardens
cit
While the Mounsiers in Paris of Emperors boast, Confusion to Frenchmen, in London's the toast, For while Gallic Invaders, dare threaten John Bull John means with the Frenchmen to have a strong pull; When they vow they are coming, We think they are humming, But shou d they; - we'll struggle I trust hard, For if they stay long, They'll find us too strong, Since our brave Volunteers are all muster'd Westing 'em like hornets, with Col'nels, and Cornets We'll give them three Cheers, With our brave Volunteers; Such diff'rent employments, this motto still gives, One half of the World, don't know how t'other lives
Lilliputian
I lead trump
A charming hand this time however
Worse and worse
I never held such cards in my Life.
Ya, ha!
I never saw your Ladyship look more beautiful will you take cards or dance.
Neither my Lord at Present.
"There is no creature loves me
A coming *BRACKETED* vengeance on the head of HARE!!
"Is this the Tea-chest *BRACKETED* , which I see before me? / Art thou not, fatal vision, sensible / To feeling as to sight?—or art thou but / A Tea-chest of the mind? / To clear all doubts, come let me ope thee
I have not seen him *BRACKETED* so pictur'd
Le Bellérophon
Le Nortomberlan
Le Connant
attendez donc Cire *BRACKETED* .
Laisse-moi Bertrand
Modern Belles. Dedicated to all the Beaux. By the Author of the Greeks, . . . *BRACKETED* Sixth Edition . . . London Printed for J. J. Stockdale, No. 41, Pall-Mall
The Concourse of people exceeded any thing we have ever wit-nessed. The Spectators were computed at Ten Thousand. At one O'Clock the Champions entered the ring, and Sam had for his second Harry Lee, whilst Joe Ward officiated for Medley, after a severe and bloody contest of 49 Rounds Victory was decided in favour of Sam
You had like'd to have kick'd the Blue Ruin *BRACKETED* out of my hand, come let's have our Old toast! Industrious Thieves, and Idle Magistrates.
Oh the Night Mare!! we're ruind by the Lord.
We are dish'd Bet by G— if I escape I'll live honestly as long as this chaps in Office —for he'l ruin the Consarn!
D— his Eyes when does he sleep!!
Here's a pretty fellow for a Guardian of the Night—Blue Ruin shall bring him to the Black hole!
"Seest thou a Man diligent in his business? he shall stand before Kings. Prov. xxii. 29 If you enquire not attentively and diligently, you shall never be able to discern a member of mechanical motions—Bacon.
Reform
No King No Constitution Nothing at All
The Englishman's Mentor. The Picture . .. *BRACKETED* . London: Printed for William Hone, Ludgate Hill—1819.
cello, see *BRACKETED* Hogarth's  OPEN>> Beggar's Opera
When the fancy stirring Bowl Wakes its World of pleasure, Glowing visions gild my Soul, And Life's an endless treasure.
Wool Sack
In Place
Holy Bible
Magna Charta
Law
. . . would pull down an Old House, England's Glory, In order to live in its uppermost story,
Meteor
Anti-Jacobin Review
The Abode of Vice
Fraud
Hypocrisy
Intrigue
Licentiousness
Mire of Corruption
Independent Wig
Scourge
Town Talk
Satirist
Temple of Folly
Precious Stones Diamonds &c
Wig & Whisker Box
Wig Block
Russia Oil
Votre tres humble Serviteur Monsieur Tally.
Va ten Cocquin I'll crack your Crown you pitiful Vagabond.
Abdication or the Last Dying Speech of a Murderer Who is to be difered *BRACKETED* into the hands of the Devil the first fair Wind
To the Isle of Elba
What let him sneak of without a Mark or a Scratch No No I'll darken his Day Lights for him.
Bone him my Tight little Tally.
One
Bank
Bank Fifteen
Tailors Bills &cc
A New Way to pay Old Debts
87
G
View of Hanging Wood in the C° of Warterford
The Prodigal Son
No Pope
Fox for Ever Huzza
Written by T. Dibdin, Esq. - Sung by Mr. Fawcett, at Covent-Garden Theatre
In vonderful times like these here, Ven the French are agog for invasion, And every true-bred volunteer Vil turn out if so be there's occasion; Ven Bony himself can affright, And our corps are all day at their postes It's hard to be scar'd in the night, And all by a parcel of ghostes. - Sing fal la, &c
Codicil
Bonds
Dont give him one farthing, there's no one will be employed for him, he cannot arrest Executors, & he cannot stand Chancery We'll do him!!
There is a chance now of all, dont budge, leave me the Property thats all I trust in you Mr Latitat We'll do him!!
Pray take care or he will find all out, I wish he was dead, I tremble at the sight of him, he is in debt we'll get him in Limbo - We'll do him!!
A dead Robbery - Give me my Birth right & just demands, that I may give it to Others, Thou worst of wretches.
Bible
Private Purse
housekeeping accounts
Cordial for a bad Conscience
Cholic Water
Ned Lather Tax Book
Greenwich Stage
Domine Dirige nos
November 9, 1830
"Alas my Friend Fox, We are in the wrong Box
Indeed my true Buck, We have very bad luck
Roman Comique
"In law, what plea so tainted & corrupt, But, being season'd with a gracious voice, Obscures the show of evil!
I do not like thees Irish butts *BRACKETED* If I can Get them once in my Clutches I'll Teach Erin go Brack.
Oh Billy Oh Billy this is mad work there is no Governing theese wild *BRACKETED* but Pat shall pay for this Irish Howie is he coming I am all of a tremble & wish he would not give me so mulch *BRACKETED* of his Irish Brogue.
No Union Erin go brach
Go it my Boy
Windsor
. . . Ce Committé se donne bien dela peine pour allumer la grande lanterne. Mais - le vent siffie - les verres sont cassé - comment les raccomoder ? -  OPEN>>  Text,  OPEN>> Job
I Seemoure
View of Mother Red Caps Camden Town
spies
malignants
*BRACKETED* | For the moral thereof vide N° 619 of the John Bull
Protect the Innocent
A Burlesque Ballad* - Tune  OPEN>> Billy Taylor was a brisk young Fellow
All for the lucre of her gold
Dick swore he heeded not sprites nor ghostesses,  OPEN>> I'll cure ye, madam, of them there airs;
Oh! My Son My Son
Ich Dien
King of Cuckolds
R--N--S--N
A Chorus of Singers
The world shall bow before the Assyrian throne
Scholars at a Lecture
Hogarth Moralised
Retort personal
Personal Pop-gun
Electricity
To
Duplicity
Correspondence
See the Account of the Altercation, in the House, between a noble D-----, and a certain M------, on the subject of Fortifications, and the subsequent Report of a Duel, in the Morning Papers of this Week
Fishery
Expence
Fishery
Expence
*Feeling - as I feel, what are three Millions put in the Scale against as many Whales as we can catch?
Feeling
I feel a want of something
I feel a want of weight
I see too much Feeling
Tho
I feel myself bold with the opinion of the first City in the World
Had I a heart for falsehood fram'd—, I ne'er could injure you
Virgina
Palace Almanac
Book of the French Laws
This strange Object has such *BRACKETED* penetrating Judgment in Law that he never undertakes a cause either for Plantiff or Defendant but he proves successfull. He soon perceives if it's Equity or Fraud the latter he never maintains & with ease baffles the falacious Attemps *BRACKETED* of his opponent.  OPEN>> Tis evident that all Act not in this manner for right or wrong we often find - the grave Knight that nods upon the Laws Wak'd by a Fee, hems, and approves the Cause. Dryden.
A Caracature of Matt: Duane Esq. of Lincoln's Inn Barrister-at-Law, 1771. Nov.
Damn your foollish Caricatures
Life's a Jest and all things show it. I thought so once but now I know it
Mrss Townshend comts to Mr A and says he may Dine there
the Plan for my Museum
No 103 Oxford Street
Black Hellebore ʒ Dr. Monrow
Proposals for Opening A Museum of Drawings ...at 2 Gns Each Subsr 1000 would do *BRACKETED* & I have got already.
Mat Darly
A Bethlemhite
Be it known to all Men, that I------upon Just cause before God and men do Declare & Pronounce War with and against all and every Printshop and Printseller within and without the City of London for reasons hereafter set forth and shall on all occasions act offensivly and defensivly as oportunity shall offer. Whereas I by the Extream necessity of my circumstances was forced to wreck *BRACKETED* my brains to finde out some Scheme thereby to suport myself in that prudent maner I first set of in and having been in the country in order to strengthen my Ideas and to get what was necessary I luckeyley projected one which beyond a doubt must have answered my porpose, which was to open a Museum of Drawings by the best Masters, had it not been for the most malicious wicked and Diabolical combinations consultations and insinuations of that most unfeeling set of Men cald print-sellers so being overwhelmed with disopointments and Poverty takes this despairate method to rebuke their insolence
R--y--l favour
Starvation, a poem written from feeling in the shades, by T. Chatterton of Bristol. The tears of genius, or merit in distress, an elegy by the Same. Rowly's poems &c.
Callipedia
New Methed *BRACKETED* of executing criminals. Fall of the leaf...
Fall of Longinus The Sublim *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Beneath him is North falling head downwards; he holds up in his left hand a pouch inscribed  OPEN>> Budget
Tax on Honesty
List of Opposition
Tax on maids
Disarming the Irish
Truth, Honour, Justice, Warring on my side against Oppression, Cruelty & Avarice; I fall to rise more glorious
The cries of blood & injured in = Inocence *BRACKETED* , being an account of the rapacious cruelty committed in India by the I-d-a C-mp-y
The 2nd------| The Father of his People. | British Meridian A.D. 1760. Just & necessary wars with natural & perfidious enemies; crownd with victory & success: The admirals Hawk, Boscawen, Warren, Anson, Watson, Pocock & Saunders destroying the Enemies fleets in every quarter of the Globe: while our Generals drove them entirely out of America, and dispossess'd them of their cheif Settlements in India. War concludes with a glorious, honourable & advantageous peace: Great Britain look'd up to as the Arbitress of Europe; fear'd by all the world; Sovereign of the Sea and possessed of a greater extent of Territory than Rome in the zenith of her glory!!!------ Immortal wreaths for G-----ge fair fame shall twine, And Britain's tears bedew his msacred *BRACKETED* shrine ------Yerac.
-----The 3rd------| The Father of his - Children! | British Sunset 1783 ---- | Annals of the Reign of------ By Positive Telltruth, & Impartial Justice, Historians to the People. Stamp Act. Boston Port Bill. American Remonstrance disregarded - 177 - Irish awake 177 - Start up & 177 - look about them Peace broken at Concord. Battle *BRACKETED* Lexington - of Bunker's Hill. Riots in Lon *BRACKETED* Irish begin to think,------far themselves - Trenton, Saratoga. Cornwallis taken. Drawn Battles at sea, in the East & West Indies, Europe & Am. Lose the Empire of the Sea. Hyder Ally defeats Col. Baily. Anarchy, Confusion & Destruction in East In *BRACKETED* , War concludes with an exhausted Treasury, distracted Councils, divided Senate decay'd Fleet, Enfeebled Army, discontented People & America not only for ever, ever lost to England, but thrown into the arms of our natural enemies!!! Oh!!! Oh!!! Oh!!! unhappy ---!!! Tempora mutantur. . . . Sic transit gloria Mundi.
So perish all who seek to disturb my empire.
Good
Evil
The Critical Quadrant or Rules for Judging of the Sublime in Tragedy by Benj. Bombas
Eau de Vie
£100
£500
Cause of Giles Thickskull *BRACKETED* Versus Nics Windover begun in 1618 Came to a *BRACKETED* final Determination in 1800
necessary house
open the Door
no, no my Young Lady you may ease Yourself how you can.
Sir G.
By G--d Madam if you dont let my Wife in, I'll let fly at you & Blow you & your little house to St James's.
GR
cit
Here's to you - Master Boney Party, \\ Come take another whiff, my Hearty!
Je vous remercie - Jean Bull, \\ I think I'll take another pull
Now we are at Peace, if my Husband does take a drop extraordinary, I dont so much mind, but when he was at War he was always grumbling. - Bless me how tiresome the old breeches are to mend, no wonder he wore them out, for he had always his hands in his pockets, for something, or other.
cit
Warm Bath
Restorative Drops -Old Age Debility of ever so long standing quickly restored to Youth and Vigour - Prepar'd & Sold by the . . .
Bagnio Court
London und Paris
Le Suprême Bon Ton
Il est bien terns Mons Pitt de pleurer quand Fox rit. L'orsque les Français de toi seront en face Bon Dieu qu'elle grimace feras-tu donc alors? quel sera ton dépit! Trompé dans ton attente, Pour ton pays, qu'en résultera t'il? Une descente, Ainsi-soit-il
Tithe Table Greens . . . Carrots . . . T *BRACKETED* ips . . . Apples
The Age of Intellect, *BRACKETED* or Clerical Showfolk . . . *BRACKETED* . A Series of poetical Epistles between Bob Blazon in Town, and Jack Jingle in the Country. Dedicated to the Fair Circassian . . *BRACKETED* . By Francis Moore, Physician.
Scorn—Contempt
Unmanly—Atrocious
Be quiet my Friends—allow me to interfere—"Can there be no arrangement of this affair
Illustrative Key
Suffocation
Berlin Decree
Orders in Council
Gentlemen—My Opinion is—that England and France are like two men whose heads are in a Bucket of Water and the Struggle is which of the two can remain longest in that Situation without Suffocation.
Deputation from Birmingham
View of Edenborough
Wa—Wants Me—
Petitions
Adultry Place
Hunt's Breakfast Powder
Penny Subscription
Hunt the Virtuous Tom Pain a Being Worthy of Adoration Burdett a Gentleman
Register
Hunt a Whoremonger Tom Paine a Name for every thing that is Infamous Burdett a Blackguard.
Evening Post
What have you got your Belly full already! get up, get up, I am but a Chicken. -  OPEN>> On by the Spur of valor goaded.
I won't get up, I won't get up, unless you will lay down plenty of Straw.
I say you had better lay the Gentleman here.
Why if you are so frighten'd at that little Bantum, how would you be able to meet Bonaparte in single combat, eh?
Ostlers Bell
cit
. . . None with him there could compare
Except a PORCUPINE.
From my *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* deck'd with Spars *BRACKETED* around. The God of Old Ocean now r *BRACKETED* ses Profound. Yes *BRACKETED* rejoices *BRACKETED* Tr *BRACKETED* um *BRACKETED* h *BRACKETED* See. My *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* ado *BRACKETED* t thee m *BRACKETED* Darl *BRACKETED* ng thou shall't *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* La *BRACKETED* t *BRACKETED* the Loss of her *BRACKETED* Her Court's st *BRACKETED* ll *BRACKETED* nsult *BRACKETED* by *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* Dons Till *BRACKETED* w *BRACKETED* th thee Launch'd *BRACKETED* r hearts on the Main. T *BRACKETED* t *BRACKETED* rev *BRACKETED* vd *BRACKETED* app *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> d once again *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* a fair Stem, from the true Roy *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* lood. *BRACKETED* id Danger def *BRACKETED* ance *BRACKETED* r *BRACKETED* de on the Flood *BRACKETED* C *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> d out my *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* s *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* out Success The Ne *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* Sea Gods *BRACKETED* jo *BRACKETED* n'd me to Bless. *BRACKETED* st *BRACKETED* ll my *BRACKETED* Em *BRACKETED* ire *BRACKETED* this tell *BRACKETED* thee Young Will *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* sh *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* my *BRACKETED* Roy of the Sea Go on No *BRACKETED* le *BRACKETED* th *BRACKETED* on *BRACKETED* De *BRACKETED* d *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* Count *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* Father, *BRACKETED* thee, *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> m a Friend The *BRACKETED* of Old Engl *BRACKETED* sh *BRACKETED* never *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* Wh *BRACKETED* le *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* ids W *BRACKETED* ll *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* res *BRACKETED* de on the Waves Neptune
The Censure of the Commons
The Contempt of the Lords
Ha! Miscreant! Plunderer! Murderer of Nundocomar! where wilt thou hide thy head now ?
£4000000
St James's
Welcome
Nundocomar
Satirist
Sacre Dieu! but tis the force of a Boney-party.
There's my Term's.
- Very amusing Terms indeed! - and might do vastly well with some of the new-made little Gingerbread kings *BRACKETED* - but WE are not in the habits of giving up either  OPEN>> Ships, or Commerce, or Colonies
TERMS OF PEACE - Acknowledge me as Emperor -  OPEN>> mantle your Fleet, - Reduce your Army - Abandon Malta & Gibraltar, - Renounce all Continental Connection - Your Colonies I will take at a Valuation, - Engage to pay to the Great-Nation for 7 Years annually £1.000.000. and Pace in my Hands as Hostages the Princess Charlotte of Wales, with Ten of ye late Administration whom I shall name.
Address to the Papists
Loan to the - *BRACKETED* ;  OPEN>> To the United Irishmen
To the London Corresponding Society
The Press
The Argus
For the Whig Club
To the Army;  OPEN>> To the Navy
To *BRACKETED* Volunteers
Maynooth *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Horne Tooke
Morning Chronicle
*BRACKETED* Weekly Register
Thelwall.
Remember m Friend your Oath, -  OPEN>>  Our Politicks are the same!
at Maidstone Not Guilty - N.B - my Confederate Quigley only, was Hanged there.
Army of England
Army of Ireland
Army of Scotland
N
Attention!
Broad Bottom Concert
Britons Strike Home
See the Conquering Hero comes
God save the King
Cheese Parings
The Midwatch
the little Jesuits Jig
Water-Gruel
Brissots Delight
Grenville
Fox
How Happy could I be with either
Borough
Bill of Indemnity
Harp of St Patrick
a Serious Ballad Burke to Duke
Rule Britannia
cello. The royal box is sumptuously draped, and surmounted with a crown and crossed sceptres, with the inscription:  OPEN>> Ge IIId | whom God long preserve
Shakespeare - I know You all.
Integrity
Non sibi sed Patriae vixit
The Royal Sovereign
Shortly will be Perform'd the Farce Dolly made a Dutchess.
Bravissimo!
Bravo
Duet on a Pair of Portraits
The Brentford Bully, a new Song - Liberty and Equality down with all the Prisons
Irish-Jig - Report of the secret Committee - Neilson told me he had Sworn Mr Grattan.
Jobson & Nell
Scourge
Gulph of Dispair
He *BRACKETED* Nursery
Wanted an Upper Servant he must do as his Mistress bids him. A Clever active fellow will meet with great Encouragement—Also Wanted several Journeymen Cabinet Makers, great wages—and little to do—Enquire Within.
G.PR.
Curaçoa
Liverpools Ash
Moiras Heart of Oak
Grenvilles Log Wood
Rosewood
Castlereaghs Middleburg Yew
Really My Love it is impossible to make a Cabinet out of such discordant Materials.
Keep him at play My Dear or we are Lost.
Nursery
Ich Dien
Songs for the Nursery Georgee Porgee Ride in a Coachee Poach . .  OPEN>>  The two posts which support the front of the pavilion are fantastically and symmetrically decorated with carved figures: a terminal figure, with a bearded satyr's head, supports a drink-blotched infant Bacchus on whose shoulders stands an almost naked nymph holding out the drapery which decks the sides of the structure. Just inside the pavilion, and facing its right end, stands a handsome, fashionably dressed man *BRACKETED* lifting above his head a massive club inscribed  OPEN>> Adress of the House of Commons
Gulph of Dispair
L . . . Pool
D—n the disgrace I'll be prim *BRACKETED* yet.
First Lord of the Admritaty
Wha Want's Me *BRACKETED* .
gulph
Princes Mixture
Come along my Lads this is the way to get in again.
Never fear I'll protect you.
gulph
Grey Mud
Here I go Up Up Up
Here I go down down downy.
Sherry
G P R
Necessity
I must Halt.
give us bread.
I have no Bread to give you—nothing but a few Mushrooms.
Privy Purse
2,000 Pr A
Popularity
nursery
Catholic Restrictions
Ireland
Dreadful Private Anamosites
Wellesley Mahratta War
Superstition
Liberty of ye Press
My Services a Manks Half-penny
70,000 Grant to ye D of At *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . He wears a Scots cap, with bag-wig, breeches, and tartan stockings. Behind this left half of the design is a landscape background with tiny but expressive figures. A road ascends *BRACKETED* past a rocky mound inscribed  OPEN>> Treasury
Placem *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  resembles McMahon, a  OPEN>> Pensi *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  has the grotesque nose of Curtis, another wears spectacles which suggest the Marquis of Buckingham. A fourth walks off carrying a sack inscribed  OPEN>> Pension
Britannia High Flyer
Nursery
Rd to Ruin
Iohn Bull
cit
Extraordinary Gazette
God the King - Old Englands Wooden Walls. - Britons Strike Home - Britannia Rule the Waves -  OPEN>> . Outside this is a circle of ships at sea inscribed:  OPEN>> British Navy
Satelites
malignant aspects
A Corsican Comet Frenchified
Russian Bear with two heads, an appendage to the Comet.
Dutch Frog
Danish Mouse
Spanish Puff
Italian Greyhound
Swiss Cheese
Minor Constellations with malignant Aspects
British Navy
American Torpedo
Intercepted Correspondence from Satan to Citizen Paine.
Rights of Man
Sedition
Ca ira
Privy Seal
Queen's Ass
Precedency
Memoirs
Parl. Hist.
Secretaryship
Magna Charta
Liberty
Habeas Corpus
Bill of Rights
Trial by jury
Blackstone
Barrass *BRACKETED* being tired of Josephine, promised Buonaparte a promotion, on condition that he would take her off his hands; - Barrass had, as usual, drank freely, & placed Buonaparte behind a Screen, while he amused himself with these two Ladies, who were then his humble dependents, - Madame Talian is a beautiful Woman, tall & elegant; - Josephine is smaller & thin, with bad Teeth, something like Cloves, - it is needless to add that Buonaparte accepted the Promotion & the Lady, - now, - Empress of France!
Burgundy
Egypt
Commission pour Buonaparte
Barrass
Mareschino
Messalina
D--n em dont play God Save the King
Play God save the King
Booths Best Gin
Scotch Bill for 10,000l
Maniac Ravings
Consular Chair
America
Atlantic Ocean
Did I not swear I would destroy Austria? Did I not swear I would destroy Prussia Did I not leave the Russians 1200 pieces of cannon to build a monument of the victory of Moscow Did I not lead 498,000 men to gather fresh Laurels in Russia—Did I not burn Moscow—and leave 400,000 brave soldiers to perish in the snow for the good of the French nation?
Did I not swear I would destroy Sweden Did I not swear  OPEN>> I would have
Pray? Obadiah why do you wish for a New Trial?
Because friend. Justice did not hear the Trial Nay she was asleep all the while in an Old-Man's field!
The Diaboliad
Whitlow
Simiramis
A
Volpone
London Magazine
Treasury
Wha Wants Me?
Prerogative
Navy
Sinecure
Secret Service
Army
Pension
Places
De'el o Mi Saul, Mon,—but the Stain o
blackamoor
Oh save my honor! Rub away my Friend rub it Home! Oh tis the Phantom of a horrid dream.
Defence
We'll say nothing about your Honor.
Oath
31st of March 1816
The Wolf and the Kidd
Blessings on such inventive Geniuses! Keep up the Joke for our sakes.
The Plot takes admirably, this will keep up the Army, let off another Cracker!
Fee Faa Fum!!
Treason! Plot!
Insurrection! more Troops  OPEN>> ;  OPEN>> Murder! Plot!
Call out the Troops!! Treason!!
Treatise on Jiggs
The Patriot King A Novel by F Fudge
Plan of a new Thatched Cottage
Patterns for New Furniture
Privy Purse
Plot Plot charge the nine Pounders.
old wigs
Q. to be Debat,d. next Thursday Eveg  OPEN>> How Far is it from the Ist of Augt to the foot of Westminster Bridge.
Pray walk in Mr Bull—you will find the Company select—I assure you at least allow me to present you with a Card—
No I won't go in—it is not Safe I'm sure the Foundation's Rotten—dont like the looks of that old Shark
Oh, what pleasure will abound When my wife is laid in ground.—Midas
Write me down an ass.
Act of Pa *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , a bayonet, a crowned baton, a miniature cannon, and a tiny pyramid. The ground is inscribed  OPEN>> Church Land
Tites
"Yea a stick of ash, carved with proper devices, & adjurations; shall become in the hands of an adept, a power full divining wand to discover immense treasures.
Petition
Remember my Lord Duke I have a powerful claim upon your Charity My poor Family is now reduced to abject Want—Thro
Starvation! who the Devil's he?
Increase of National debt 250-000-000
Sic itur ad astra, is Income Tax
Hair Powder
Horse Duty
Tax on Beer
Armorial Bearings
Tax on Malt
Additional House Tax
Additional Window Tax
Hat Duty
Tax on Shopmen
Shop Tax
Servant Tax
War of Examination
Budget
That Brass countenance of his never shone with more conspicuous confidence, one would think he was in the very an of proposing a new Tax.
There's a Monument of Integrity, his Works not only follow, but support him, Nebuchadnazzars Brazen Image was nothing to it, Nor his people half so Idolatrous.
Odzooks there's the dear Image - , the promoter of our Union, and I suppose that there Writing there, is the account of all his wonderfull Works
Why Mr Bull I thought he was the greatest Man we ever had, but its all Bodder, why by St Patrick, Mr OBrien *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* would make Six of him
Two faces under a Hood
All Gentlemen and others Electors for Westminster who are ready and willing to Surrender their rights and those of their Fellow Citizens to Secret Influence and the Lords of the Bedchamber let them repair to the Prerogative Standard lately erected at the Cannon Coffee House where they shall be kindly receiv'd untill their Services are no longer Wanted. This Gentlemen is the last time of Asking as we are determined to Abolish the power of the House of Commons, and in future be governed by Prerogative as they are in France and Turkey Gentlemen the Ambition of the enemy is now evident. Has he not within these jew days past Stole the Great Seal of England, while the Chancellor was taking a Bottle with a female favoute *BRACKETED* , as all great men do - I am informed Gentn that the Enemy now assumes Regal Authority and by Virtue of the Great Seal *BRACKETED* is creating of Peers and granting of Pensions. A most shamefull Abuse Gentm of that Instrument. If you assist us to pull down the House of Commons every person who hears me has a chance of becoming a Great Man if he is happy enough to hit the fancy of Lord B------ *BRACKETED* of Mr J--------n *BRACKETED* . Huzza God Save the King -
Treasury
Water - Diogenes
British Spirits
Cant find them
Oh! If I had met the whiskerd Buggaboos - I certainly should have let fly
Never was the like since I have been a God - Halloo! are you going ashore to look for an honest man?
N.B. The Ancient Diogenes retire'd to a Tub because he could not find an honest Man, the water or modern one made a Tale in a Tub of the War because we have none but honest men.
Poor Jack
Holland's Gin
Negotiation
To the Tune of Poor Jack------ Addressed {without permission) to Richard How.
Go patter to them that'll believe, d'ye see, About drubbing the Dons, and the like, A good Fleet with fighting instructions give me, For it's'n't to a little they'll strike, Tho
But the Holiday Chief safe returns to his Friends, And for pay may go once again.
Pillar of the Public
India Bill
The Pitt is raised, The Fox is fallen, The North-wind ceases, and Edmund Reassumes his Native Self
A Celebrated Scotch advocate happening some Years ago to meet Lady W------ *BRACKETED* complimented her Ladyship on looking so well  OPEN>> Lord!
I am as fat as a Whale!
I wish I were Jonah
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
British Constitution
Dieu et mon Droit
Ye British Chiefs who mount the waves And ye who meet the tented foe: Behold the young the wise the brave; Repelling all your countrys woes
Like Mr *BRACKETED* Œtna he growled and Grumbled; then the Crater opened an explosion ensued, and forth came a Torrent of Smoke & Rubbish. *BRACKETED* A stout elderly man *BRACKETED* seated on flat swampy ground in profile to the right, with upturned head, is roughly the shape of a broad-based mountain peak, the base extending from his outspread coat-skirt to the toe of his boot. Smoke issues from his upturned mouth and is inscribed  OPEN>> Whig and Tory Conspiracy, Blarney, My right honble Friend, Reform, County Gossip
The best part of the Mountain
Lincolnshire
Yorkshire
Shocking bad
Uninhabited
Extensive Tobacco Fields
Well-cultivated
OPEN>> Downs fit for
; his forearm,  OPEN>> All this very bare
Malaria
Port
Tally ho Tally ho they are all Unkennell:d a rare Scent
A rare Knight for smoaking the Badgers
come along Marjery come sweet Marjery
A fine Essex Calf D------e & as Obstinate
Vanbutc *BRACKETED* Belly Ba *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , a device of the famous truss-maker *BRACKETED* . She is Lady Essex, one of the men being her husband. In front of this group a good-looking young man *BRACKETED* carries an excessively thin woman *BRACKETED* . In her hair is an  OPEN>> honi soit
To be thus exposed Oh - Nell!!!
Aye its D------d unlucky
Pray my L------d Stand firm *BRACKETED* & Carry me any where, to the Parsons if you will.
My Dear D------s I'll Carry you off through fire or Water
Plan of Invasion
France
Ireland
yours O'Conner
Proceedings of the London Corresponding Society
The Press
Bloody News from Ireland Bloody News Bloody News
Munchausen
Bedford Dog Kennel
Vive l'Egalite
Buonapart
Robertspier
Vive la Guillotin
Assignats
Plan for raising United Irishmen
Rambler's Magazine
Losing your way on foot at night in a storm of wind and rain - and this immediately after leaving a merry fire side
Gin
Rum
Coniac
Preserved Ginger
Doomsday Book
Arratin
A Master of Arts / a Fellow Feeling for the human Race
Oxford almanack
Term begins — Term ends — Long Vacation
Miss America
Mrs Brittania
Oh give me death or liberty O give me &c. . . .
Mrs. Brittania
Brittons never shall be Slaves
We'll return it untainted to heaven well *BRACKETED* return &c...  OPEN>> . Shelburne, with a more jaunty air and his inevitable smile, sings,  OPEN>> Oh what a charming thing a Battle, Oh &c. &c.
hum hum hum crick crack crick crack Cannons rattle Oh what a Charming thing a battle
Orator Hum
Benedick Rattle Snake
dying Speech of Major Andree
Blood & plunder oh what a Charming thing a Battle
Benedick Rattle Snake's Arms
Then a Crusing we will go then a Crusing we will go
Give Peace America with you & war with all the World
A was an A------, \\ lost in a fog
B was B------, \\ with one foot in a bog.
C was a Curtis, a lover of news.
D was D------as, \\ Turn him round as you chuse.
E was an Erskine \\ In Eloquence great.
F was a Fox, \\ a firm friend to the State.
G was a G------le, \\ who could not get in.
H was a H------, \\ who thought most things a sin.
J was J------s, \\ with his whiskers so big.
K was a K------h \\ In a snug little wig.
L was a L----l, \\ Worn in the cause.
M was a M------day \\ who loved the Game Laws.
N was a N------k, \\ The Chief of his band.
O was Tom O------ow, \\ Who drives four in hand.
P was the P------, \\ Made us pay for the past.
Q was a Q------ry \\ Game to the last.
R was a Rawdon \\ Invaders to flog.
S was friend Sherry, \\ with Carlo his dog!
T was a T------r \\ called Chicken by some \\  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* .  OPEN>> V was the Vincent, \\ made Foes to look glum.
W was a W------ham, \\ In Cheese parings rich.
X will have Tenths from \\ the poor in his nitch.
Y is a Youth, \\ That in Senate ne'er spoke.
Z is a Zany, who laughs at a joke!
Town Talk.
Bye Bye don't cry so my faithfull Subjects I'll come back to you as soon as those dam'd English will let me—I have taken a few tokens to remember you by.
God deliver you out of the Devils clutches my poor girls, but I fear you are lost sheep.
Father Dominick don't grieve King Joseph has left some old ones behind for you.
get home You old Rams! what do you begrudge King Joseph a few Virgins for his amusement.
Sacre B- de Cheval Espagnole Marche.
Ces fous la rejouis by gar Mons Joseph dey be glad we go.
What do you say you Scoundrel! do you call us robbers! I'll make you remember it.
Worthy Gentleman you mistak I was Lamenting the departure of such kind friends who have been so free & easy with us!
Deo Gratuos! *BRACKETED* They are going. They are going!
Wine
Legion of Honor
Ah Pardie you not gone yet Madonna I take you to see de grand Paris.
What is that foolish woman makeing such a noise for, look how contented Josephs companions travel with him.
We have got all her Husbands property so she has nothing worth staying behind for Captain?
The Grand Republican Balloon . . .
A Tent for the Inspector of the Cordage
Tents for the Aerial Navigators and Pumpers
small wings for Ornament
2440
G.R.
Gallery for mounting Guard
The Light House
A small Balloon to serve as a Boat
Pro Bono Publico
Pipes to let out the Inflammable Air
Rope Ladders to which the Ship is fastened
The Grand Aerostatic Pipe
A Cannon for Signals
Ordinances and Coffee Houses
The Hospital
Aerial Officers on the look out
The General's House
Apartments for Officers
The Helm
The Lodge of the Helm-Keeper
Grand Magazine of Combustibles
The Water Closet
Don't you think my good Friends this a comical Farce is, To see two Great Admirals fight with their A------, Monsr Squirts Soup-meagre across K--p--ls back, But he in return gives a far harder Smack. What a Smoak & a Stink! & yet neither prevails For how can it be? when they both turn their Tails. Price 6d
A sett of infamous Blood-thirsty Rascaly Sans Culottes, given to D-D Drunkenness, Gaming & all kinds of Debauchery
I will extirpate thee from the face of the Earth! Without the least spark of Religion. B------t them, I,ll order those fellows of Officers to cut them to pieces instantly, they shall soon know who they have t-t-to deal with.
There's a little King Pippin  OPEN>> He shall have a Rattle & Crown, ※ Bless thy five Wits my Baby  OPEN>> Mind it dont throw itself down! Hey my Kitten, my kitten &c &c. Below the design is a note:  OPEN>> ※"False of Heart, light of Ear, bloody of Hand,  OPEN>> Fox in Stealth, Wolf in Greediness, Dog in Madness,  OPEN>> Lion in Prey: - bless thy Five Wits
Vive la Republique
The Last of Kings
They've got me in the picture-shops, they have upon my honour; / I'm next to Venus, which. they say, is quite a libel on her
Murder! Murder!
God save great George our Ki . . .
Grind away! grind away grind away Billy! never mind his bawling! grind away.
What! - What! - what! Murder hay? why, you poor Stupe, is it not for the good of your Country? hay? hay
G.P
Debts of Honor
Money Lent at £500 pr Cent
Antient Drama
Modern Drama
This is . . .
These are the Boxes . . .
These are the Pigeon holes made for the poor, over the Boxes . . .
This is the Cat . . .
cit
Hiss
The Age of Reason *BRACKETED* a New Comedy perform *BRACKETED* by J Bull & C°
This is John Bull. . .
This is the Thief taker . . .
King John
This is the Manager . . .
Dam the Church & State I hate them both the hand bill ah! that is the Divel!!!
Enthisism
Fanaticism
Athism
Sedition
JP
Down with their Cathederal Stalls & Caterpillars
Beware of Wolves in sheep's Clothing for the Poisen of Asps is under their tongues
Yes Sir Under the Denomination of Dissenters they P--y P--e and L--y have brought a Stigma on all Dissenters in General tho' it is only the followers of those three Blasphemers who have made the Disturbence
I now come forward in a Glorious Cause.
Believe me the Church of England which they thought they were supporting has Received a greater Shock by their Conduct than all our Bretheren have aimed at.
Why to be sure we have had a Nock or two at it as well as the Constitution.
If we are Destroyed an Hundred will Appear
Me quisque impune lacerrit
Tenth Report
Wormwood
Quashee
Aloes
Trial by Peers
Magna Charta
Criminal Prosecution by the Atty General
New Law Inquisition Committees Torture Question Thumb Screw Peine forte *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . On the r. is a ruinous ale-house, before the door of which Fox sits astride on a large cask. He holds a big frothing tankard and watches Whitbread with cynical satisfaction. The head of the cask is inscribed  OPEN>> Old Hollan *BRACKETED* For Ullage Cas *BRACKETED* defict . . . Millions.
Puritanism
I say. Amen to all Cantwell.
Hymns & Spiritual Songs on the Slave Trade by St Wilber.
System of Terror
Hoc Signo non Vincent.
performed The Tragedy Timon of *BRACKETED* Lord Timon Mr Melville Lucullus a false friend & Kinsman Mr Kinhard *BRACKETED* little more than Kin and less than kind Scotch Reel &c.
Pophams Defence
Wanted Supply of naval Stores Inquire within
Melville Castle
Sansterre *BRACKETED* forsook his Malt and Grains To mash and batter Nobles Brains By lev'lling Rancour led Our Brewer quits Brown Stout and Washey His Malt his Mash tub and his Quashee To mash a Thistle's head
St George
Honor
War Office
Bath
Plenipotarian Donkey
Treaty
Humility
Duplicity
Governarian Donkey
Popularian Donkey
Servility
Scratchatarian Donkey
Impudence
Cudgelarian Donkey
Sincerity
Wisdom
Modest Merit
Independence
Like as pretty little Boys Joyful jump for triffling toys. Great Men will, for Star and Sash Thro
French Principles
Philosophy Atheism Rapine Murder
Liberté
dechristianisation
By Jasus I have got no Juice left
I have sweated enough. Sheridan *BRACKETED* gesticulates furiously with clenched fists, saying,  OPEN>> This is Scandalous the Baily's have sufficiently sweated me
I suppose they call this a Regency Sweat
Mrs J------n
I sweat with desire
I never sweat so much at Cooking in all my Life
And I with Jealousy what disregard the Marriage Rights
Coal Tub
La Charge
La Retraite
Black Joke
Money was expended upon her footmen Chariots, Musicians, Singers, Players dancers, parasites, pimps & Bawds.—But in the end the Money of the People—vide Cobbet An Reg.
"Katharine, that cap of yours becomes you not;  OPEN>> Off with that bauble, 'tis my royal will.
cap
Heigho! to have myself thus rid to death, by a Boy & his playmates, merely to frighten an Old Woman - I wish I was back in Hanover to get myself a belly full
G.R
G
P
Blood & Dunder, I would give her one good Prussian stroking
I'm in a good humour to give her a dram of right Holland's
Amman! Amman! Anglois, Alia, Alia
"I see my Lances are but straws;  OPEN>> My strength is weak, my weakness past compare;  OPEN>> And am asham'd, that Women are so simple  OPEN>> To offer War when they should kneel for Peace.
O, by Gar! if Mirabeau was but  OPEN>> live! Sacre Dieu.
Das is de devil, to give up all again
I will be bound - with a dozen of our Club and a proper allowance of fire, and the best Virginia, to smoke the French Mounseers from Dover to Calais, in the turning of a Tobacco stopper, who's afraid?
all united Taylors
Loyal Gypsy
Host of Faro, prepared to batter the enemy, with the remnants of our Reputations!
patent pills
they had better keep away from our village . . . for I believe in my heart, the very Turkies would rise in a mass against them, who's afraid.
I am a tight dashing fresh water Sailor; - keep a funny row to Putney every Sunday - let me catch them above Bridge - thats all. who's afraid.
whirligig
An Unfit Pedestal for a Senator
Obstinacy
Opposition
Passion
Envy
Voilence
Perverseness
Arrogance
Inconconsistancy
Versatility
Pittite
No ite
Foxite
To be filled up Soon
Perish Commerce,!! Down with the Volunteers!! they are not to be trusted!! They are all Democrats!
I say Mr Change about if you had said that any where else but up there I would have given you the Devils own licking
Why Measter Whirligig you told us the other day that we should bait Bulls and so to make us Bold & courageous & now you want us not to fight that Butcher Boneyparte tho I have tean great pains to learn to Pike him.
That's right my good fellow put down those cursed Volunteers & I'll soon come over, & then I'll call you a Boneite.
The World
World
The Rage
From North to the South, I came forth right, By favor in duplici modo a Knight, In primis an Ass, secundus a Bear, The one is a Fact, the other is Fair
Dont take it so to heart Johnny - perhaps I may come back again at least Ill never forget you - Ill remember you in my will - Ill leave you a few little Taxes by way of keep sakes.
O Dear I cant bear to part with you - I shall break my heart - where shall I find such another trusty Friend - Oh Dear! - Oh! - Oh - Ha! Ha - Oh - oh! - Hah! Hah Hah! -  OPEN>>  On the left, behind Pitt his followers are walking off to the left. The most prominent is Dundas in Highland dress with a large sack on his back of  OPEN>> Loaves and Fishes
Candle ends and Cheese Parings!
Over the water to Charley!
It is a glorious Holiday Therefore w'ell all be merry
I Shuffle
I'll Cut!
And I'll Trick
£
Catholic Emancipation Bill 1829
Petition against the Catholic Emancipation
Fight it out! my braw bonny Cocks! it will do ye baith muckle gude, by taking the bad blood awa
See John how the Old Black un heys im, by my faith I fear he'll be too much for t'other yet.
I have no doubt the Old Cock will do his best but look at his age, & mind Pat, he has a rum customer to deal with wot never lost a battle. He is in his shirt-sleeves, with a short pipe thrust in his hat
Custom House
Duty
J Bull London Duty on Salt
Excise
Window Lights
Bull London Duty on Teas
John Bull London Tobacco Duty
Duty
Bull London
What piles of wealth hath he accumulated to his own portion! What expense by th
Shakespeare
Ruin'd! - undone! - our Commerce destroy'd, our Armies beaten
Here she comes by God! ram away Doctor if one Bolus won't do put in three; D ... me wee'l give her a dose! hand me the match Derry, she will be within reach of my Bomb the next tack!
This is the second but they want a cursed deal of thumping to send them in. My Dads old pestle is a banger too!
And tack she will again, and again, till she tackles too, for the devil burn me, if there is a spark of fire in this match, we may remove back again for this will turn out all Bombast! in spite of the mettle of your M- Bomb!
shi - - *BRACKETED* : Sambo make my compliments to Mr Townshend and I should be obliged to him for a glass of lemonade.
Pon Honor every thing very elegant and a most charming place for Study
Really My Lord it is equal to a Box at the old fashioned Opera.
Sambo give me my Magic sword.
Townshend let the Countess of Bandash have the sattin wood Stock - Justice Pliant.
Ah Coln, there's No cutting and shifting here
Pro Bono Publico
C
An Essay on Public Sperit *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . From his coat-pocket protrudes a document inscribed  OPEN>> A Panegyric on Lord North
Soame Jennings *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  and  OPEN>> Tucker
I do Firmly believe that Lord North is an able & upright Minister - That the American War was pursued on Wise and Virtuous Principles - that the Perogative *BRACKETED* of the Crown is too Confined - the liberties of the people too Extensive That the house of Commons ought to be the tool of the Minister - that ye Public Money is Well Applied in Purchasing that hon: House that a parlimentary Reform is A dangerous and Factious Measure - that I ought to do Anything to get into Place.
The True Principle of the Constitution
To be Sold
Macauley
Locke
Sydney
Treatise concerning Civil Government
Disquisitions on several Subjects
Thank Heaven the People have Such a Friend
Gentlemen Lord North deserves the Axe - Lost an Empire Burthened you with Taxes - plunged you into Debt - Gentlemen your virtue alone can Save the Kingdom - he Butchered your American Bretheren Gentlemen - Ought to be impeached We must clip the power of the Crown Gentlemen - the King is your Servant - Each of you Gentlemen Ought to have a Voice in the House of Commons
Glory
O D----n the Glory I shall never be able to bear it all!
List of Ships £5000000
Twenty more Kill em!
Pop Pop
Right Rich - mond double Proof
REFORM
I did say  OPEN>> Have I not a right to do what I like with my own
Pin Money instead of Allowance
This is a profitable Plan of his and pays me a Devilish deal better than he can, besides the Patronage!!
To waste ones health in unwholesome Climates an then fail of promotion because we cannot fee ****** or Army Agents Agents.!!
Mother Careys Chickens by - then we shall have a storm indeed!
What to spend our lives in the service of our Country, and to be thus degraded by a parcel of Boys!!
boys
... mus Cottage
NB these Birds have lately been seen hovering about the Horse Guards
a Storm Finch, or stormy petterel *BRACKETED* . Procellaria Pelagica of Linnœus. is seldom or never seen but in the great Ocean, and then when observed flying near a Ship, is the sure prognostication of a Storm, the analagy *BRACKETED* of effect has induced modern Naturalists to class these, with the Pelagica of Linnœus, tho differing in plumage
Articles of Capitulation Warsaw
Thus my Royal Mistress have I fulfilled in the fullest extent your Tender Affectionate & Maternal Commission to those Deluded People of Poland, & have brought you the Pickings of Ten Thousand Heads tenderly detached from their deluded bodies the Day after Capitulation.
My Dear General you have well Executed your Commission; but could not you prevail on any of the Polish Women to Poison their Husbands?
Go my little Ariel & prepare our Altars for these pretty Sacrifices, we must have te Deum on the Occasion.
Bravo this outdoes the Poison Scene.
Birth-Day Ode
the Distresses of the Nation an Ode performd in honour of his Majesty's Birth Day
To the Blessed Memory of Miss Ray
First Viol: by Ld N *BRACKETED* Hautboy Ld: G. G *BRACKETED* Kettle Drum Ld S *BRACKETED* the Vocal parts by the Bp of L *BRACKETED* & Ld M *BRACKETED* &c. &c.
Birth Day Ode
Now Caesar sits on Throne sublime To snuff the Laureat's drousy Rhime And take his annual Sleep in state, To please the Slaves that round him wait; Swift from the starry Courts above, Descend some Dream, *BRACKETED* And to the Monarch's mental Ear The wonders of his Reign declare: While a grateful People's Voice, Shall in choral Peals rejoice, And to the Nations round proclaim, Caesar, Virtue, and Wisdom are the same.
And hark, the spectre speaks! -- G------e Attend, and N----h, and all your pliant Train, To YOU her Blessings Britain owes And yours the high Applause approving Heaven bestows.
Hark, he sings the Caribb-War! Brightest ray of Britain's Fame!
'Beyond the vast Atlantic Main  OPEN>> What Myriads bless thy gracious Reign;  OPEN>> To Jove their Prayers ascend, for thee,  OPEN>> The Father of their Liberty!  OPEN>> For thee their Prayers . . . Ah! why that Groan?  OPEN>> Why trembles mighty CAESAR on his throne?
'Hibernia, Britain's Sister-Isle,  OPEN>> With equal Freedom soon shall smile;  OPEN>> Taught by thy prudent Sway to know  OPEN>> No Blessing rivals thee below.-  OPEN>> And lo! *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> While Caledonia's Chieftains kiss the Ground,  OPEN>> Her humble Sons, an untam'd Race,  OPEN>> Instinctive feel the Fire of Grace;
'Gallia, hide thy recreant Head,  OPEN>>  Vain thy Arms, thy Craft as vain;  OPEN>> Spight of the Snares, by treachery spread,  OPEN>> Britain preseves *BRACKETED* her Empire o'er the Main!  OPEN>> But ah how long! - in aweful Gloom  OPEN>> The Fates involve Britannia's Doom -  OPEN>> Yet, ye who Courted CAESAR, hear!  OPEN>> Perchance the Hour is nigh------Pursue  OPEN>> Your Schemes, perchance 'tis fix'd that you  OPEN>> The glorious wreath shall wear:  OPEN>> His worth's the same in Jove's impartial Eyes,  OPEN>> Who saves a sinking Empire or destroys.
Cambridge butter
Gentlemen I have had the Honor of Reprecenting this City but never found The Butter so firm before
Standing Order
York Dumplines for Jones and Company
butter
off off off
D-n their Buttuer *BRACKETED* I wish they'd melted it First
butter
No Mock loyal *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> No Cant
No Standing Order
No York Dumplines
off off off
N.12.........
I Promise to pay to Duke, Clark & Farquhar, / or Bearer, Two Pence, when Boys, by purchase, shall no longer / supersede the Veteran Subaltern, and when hard & meritorious service / shall be the only recommendation to Military Promotion throughout / the British Army. / London the 18th day of March 18 *BRACKETED* For Self, Knapsack & Firelock, / Hector Broadsword / Pence Two / Entd Row-dow-dow
Long live the Petticoat: Its Influence is universal
Triumphalis
Ruina
Monsieur all ruffles no Shirt Wooden Pumps and Stockingless
Jack English with Ruddy face and belly full of Beef
Pubd Novr 18 1804 by S W Fores N° 50 Piccadilly
Volunteers
Dedicated *BRACKETED* to the Volunteers of Great Britain
Reform Bill
I will Teach you my Bill is a match for your Spurs any day my Dunghill
Foul Clothes Bag
Je ne m'en rappelle pas.
Non mi Ricordo
Honi soit qui Mal y pense
Carduus benedictus
Noli me tangere
Nemo me impune lacessit
a vision
after a long argument at the Cocoa with the putrid Jacobites of that club
boreal triumvirate dance to the tune of  OPEN>> Over the water to Charley
that her country would ruin ours, and France and Spain would profit by the downfall of both
Roots of Evil
Popery
Intolerance
Bigitory
Popes Eye
Protestant Ground
Church of England Lands
Protes *BRACKETED* unity *BRACKETED* gainst Restri *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Before the princes stands a trumpeter in oriental dress, about to welcome Perceval; he turns his head to look with dismay at the Duke of York who has just flung the missile; his trumpet has a banner inscribed  OPEN>> Bow The Knee Before Him
York, Clarence, Kent, Cumberland, Sussex, Cambridge and Gloucester sends *BRACKETED* you this greeting
Death to our hopes he is Off just at the journey's End
Honble Band of Blue Spencer Pensioners
Empty
Pensioners
This makes the Old Proverb good
Aye Frank, but he need not have hurry'd so
He had better have mounted one of my dray Horses
Meteor
thee Wigge & Whiskker Boxe
Take it between ye
Says the Badger to Fox, We're in the right Box, These grapes are most charming & fine; Dear Badger you're right, Hold them fast squeeze them tight, And we'll drink of political Wine
Robbery, Murder ... Beware of Justice
One Pound One
I wonder not, Says Thin that Thought Should in your Head be found; Since that's the way Your Debts you pay, - One Shilling in the Pound
Crown & Anchor
The Royal Stump
No Lords No Commons No Parliame *BRACKETED* Damn the Revolution
Ministerial Sincerity and Attachment a Novel
Know, villains, when such paltry slaves presume To mix in Treason, if the plot succeeds, You're thrown neglected by: - but if it fails, You're sure to die like dogs!
O Jenky! Jenky! have I gone through thick & thin for this ?
£400 pr Ann, To the Chairm *BRACKETED* of the Crown & Anchor
List of Spies Informers Reporters Crown & Anchor Agents
See the Proceedings of the House of Commns Novr 26th 1795 - To the Charman & Members of the truly Loyal Association at the Crown & Anchor this small token of Gratitude for Favors receiv'd, is respectfully dedicated by the Author
Seringapatam is taken! Tippo is wounded! & Millions of Pagodas secured.
Tally ho! ho! ho! ho!
O the dear, sweet Pagodas
Whimsicalities of London
cit
Hodge
Citizen.  OPEN>> Pray Fellow what do you mean by Ringing my Bell so violently; what's Your Business? - Hodge. I did na know it was a Bell - I only pull'd that there Iron Ring. - Cit. Pray what Countryman are you - Hodge. I be an Essex Man Measter. - Cit. I thought so, for a Person can't beat a Bush there, but out comes a Calf. - Hodge. Aye Measter, and I perceive a Man can't Ring a Bell in Lunnon but out pops a Cuckold
Monody on the Death of the D------ of R------d
I am allways ready to Pimp or Bully.
Leave the House this moment ye Scoondrel or I'll shoot you - if e'er I catch you cater-wauling here again, the D'eel take me if I dinna snod you.
And this the consolation of my Virtuous carreer Behold, - Toms Father!!!
Napoleon
N° 16.......'Text:  OPEN>> I Promise to pay to Spouter, Swearlie & Promptspeech, / Affidavit Makers, or Bearer, Two Pence, when Coughing, Sneezing or the / Bowel-easing Flatus, shall, By a Westminster Jury, be deemed a flagrant breach / of the Kings Peace, or, constitute the fundamentals of a wicked conspirary *BRACKETED* / London, the 5th day of December, 1818 *BRACKETED* / For Self, Sneezer, Cougher & Windcracker, / *BRACKETED* O P *BRACKETED* .Pence / Two / Entd Evergreen Laurel
The Head is Folly / Arrogance the Heart. /
Tis strange such difference should be, twixt Spouting Jack and Fam'd O.P.
Know ye, that it is the Birthright of a Briton, to be tried by his Equals
When Justasses take bail for f—rt—ng! Tis time this Land & I were parting. L.
The British Voice by nature free, Cries  OPEN>> Give me Death or Liberty
Bon Ton Magazine
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
I.B
PB
This is cursed hard Work to get this Irish Brother of mine along. I dont much relish this close connection.
Whoo - hoo - Paddy gently my lad, dont be so refractory, cant you follow your Brother John? see how Quietly he takes cholar D------n these stones they'll upset me.
Irish Resolutions
Irish Objections
Voice of the People
OBVERSE
BEFORE—
REVERSE
AFTER—
It is my wish to see you all happy!
We shall not interfere with foreign quarels; Laws shall be simplified
I would shake your hand if
Economy—reduction
Royal Tiger
Bear from New Holland
I am advised to tell you that if you will have plenty of Oranges, & Portugal grapes for next Christmas, Port wine & sherry to cheer you, you must see the Royal Tiger from Lisbon devouring lambs, Sheeps &c, for his dayly amusement & comfort, & if you are fond of Dutch Cheese red herrings salt Cod &c, come to see the Bear from New Holland treading on a Brussell's Carpet like a Man, and wearing a cap of malice *BRACKETED* Malines like a Woman!!!
des-union
This is real St Miguel's orange-Pee *BRACKETED* . A man cries:  OPEN>> This is a cheese a real Dutch
Hope
The Services of an English Lord Mayor rewarded with a Spanish Title
Epitaph on the late Dr Monsey, supposed to have been written by himself. Here lie my old limbs - my vexation now ends, For I've liv'd much too long for myself & my Friends As to church-yards & grounds which the Parsons call holy, Tis a rank piece of priestcraft, & founded on folly; In short, I despise them; and as for my Soul, Which may mount the last day with my bones from this hole I think that it really hath nothing to fear From the God of mankind, whom I truly revere. What the next world may be, little troubles my pate If not better than this, I beseech thee, Oh! Fate, When the bodies of millions fly up in a riot, To let the old carcase of Monsey lie quiet. Peter Pindar
. . . IV Rex
Damn these stinking Dogs! brought him to Stool by G - d
De Grasse is crouching down, his hands on his knees, saying,  OPEN>> Cest Matheureux *BRACKETED* , but we do dese tings wit a good grace
Vadruvil
Il faut Vassister *BRACKETED* dans ses Manœuvres.
Bougainville
Ma foi me only run way to avoid de Stink!
Rowlandson
Jack the Giant Killer
Lover Letter Tom Thumb
D of Cumberland
Two Penny Uprights *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* ; packages inscribed:  OPEN>> Alcampane
Sugar Candy
Carraway Comfits
Barley Sugar
Parmasan
My Beauty without Paint
My Angel
My Deer Deer Dear Lovee Love Dear
My Love . . . Adorable
Not sufficiently Expressive of my Noble love & Devine Affection
Keepsakes
often used by M. Anne
Not meet at St Giles's? D-n-n worse than a Dog you use me - not to be allowed to attend as Midwife, Nurse or Chamber maid, D-n-n must I belong to nobody - but I must not complain - I am allways blubbering I talk in my sleep, in short I act the part of a Fool - O the dear Plant, the dear the ever dear Pink cotton - my Charmer, my dearest dear, my adored my Celestial, I have invoked Cupid, Mercury, Mars, Saturn, Venus, & all the Deites to Santion our heaven born love, you know I have plunged 7 times in the Hog trough over head & ears, & yet after all such sousing I cannot conquer this heaven born Passion . . . as wheat falls *BRACKETED* so my Divine affection rises . . . *BRACKETED* . Pray dont read the life of Major Hanger till I come & read it to you - O what a Dog I am
Attic Miscellany
Dutch Dolls
Castles in the Air Wooden Ones
Walcheren Beveland
Plan and Fortifications of Flushing
Loss in Killed & Wounded Sick List
Rockets Devil take the hindmost
Here I am my Dear Johnny escaped from Fire, Water, Plague, Pestilence & Famine My Fireworks have given general Satisfaction abroad,—I must now Couch on a bed of Roses *BRACKETED* — and hope when I awake to be rewarded with a Pension and Dukedom for brilliant Services
cit
General Cheathem flying back as I foretold garnish'd with dross and Dutch Metal Where is the Ten Million of British Bullion you Scarecrow—the Sinking Fund suits your talents better than Sinking of Ships
Lord Mr Bull what a Man of Mettle it is
Commodore Cur-Tis
A New Contract for Mouldy Buisciuts—Expeditions for ever Huzza
Mortality at Flushing
Constitutional Advice
SPQB
Back Stairs
*BRACKETED* ret inf *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> New Mi *BRACKETED* Addr *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Address
Addres *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Popular Frenzy
Folly
Aristocracy
Down with it We will erect a Prerogative Court in its stead
Address
The Gazette
passim
New Mi *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; he turns round, addressing a crowd below him, and saying,  OPEN>> We'll pull an old House over their Heads! Huzza
Secret influence
Omnipot *BRACKETED* Anarch *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  and directs the rays of a conspiratorial dark lantern towards  OPEN>> Wisdom
Union
Friends take care what you are about
Addressers
Constitution
Man with strong reason is endow'd, A beast scarce instinct is allow'd; But let this Rabble's worth be tried Tis plain that neither are their guide Can they discern the different natures, And weigh the power of other Creatures, Who by this partial work have shew'n They know so little of their own
to the Baker
to the Pork Shop
to the Brokers
Clever all the Way as far as the Hatters at one End down to the Tallow Chandlers in the Middle. I am always a Gossiping as my Wife tells me
A slap at slop
Her Majesty died by the dagger of Persecution
Town Talk
H
Come Grey push on you'll let Pye Ball win else.
Bravo Pye Ball you have fairly won.
Huzza Pye Ball for ever.
Come Johny out with your Cash your favorite has lost you see.
No No D—e if I do! I'm off, why its a proper cross and Jostle I d'ont like the Umpire neither.
P R
The Milling Hero a Poem
Softly! Softly! poor Old Sherry, Oh my poor bones are in danger!
It's a d—d dirty Job to carry such a — but as I carried your Master *BRACKETED* through before you hold fast and I'll take you to the end.
The Treasury Sweepstakes for high-bred Hunters 4 Heats The M-ch-ss of H—s Pyebald Colt Liverpool ------- 1, dr, dr, 1 Iohn Bulls favorite ch. f. Moira -------dr, 2, 1, 3 The Fox Clubs b. f ----Grey ----4, 3, 2, dr The East-India Company's Oriental filly Wellesly 3, 1, 3, 2 The well known Pit *BRACKETED* bred horse Grenville 2, 4, 4, 4 This match was very hardly contested, the Jockey Club decided that the first heat was unfairly won, and the last it is supposed will be subject to a similar decree; but the P— R— to whom the decision of the Club was referrd overruled the first objection. Bets at starting 2 to 1 on Moira; and at the commencement of the third heat 2 to 1 on Moira against the field Same Day The Exchequer plate for Colts half bred The Earl of Liverpool's black Colt Vansittart 1, 3, 3, 1 Marquis of Wellesleys gr C. Grant 3, 1, 2, 3 Earl Moirds ch. G Huchisson 2, 2, 1, 2 This Race like the preceeding one has excited much difference of opinion amongst the members of the Club. N.B A match will be made before the Club breaks up between the R—s old Hack and any Noted Horse that may be chosen to start against him, the Hack will carry double and any bet staked on his winning Mac Sycophant *BRACKETED* Secty.
How pye Ball dashes in, he has jockey'd them there he goes!
Da—me Johny seems in a Passion
Aye he  OPEN>> s *BRACKETED* Humbugg'd! The other spectators: Why the knowing ones are taken in
dish'd by Jupiter
I rather think they are dish'd by Juno, she seems to be umpire.
The Ton: Anecdotes, Chit-Chat, Hints and On Dits; Dedicated to all the Gossips. By the Author of The Greeks, the Pigeons, Fashion, Modern Belles, Modern Beaux. To Night, Dress and Address, Life, High and Low, &c . . . London: Printed for J. J. Stockdale, No. 41, Pall Mall. 1819.
Bluebells of Scotland Sung by Mrs Jordan—O Where & O Where is my Highland Laddie gone
Songs of Catalani
B. Giles
Evil communications Corrupt good Manners
Betty Giles aged 16. 1808. Cheese Hall
Cheese-Farm
Geneva
Pigtail
Best Virginia
Rappee
Sigars
Elder
400—Per ann for Bubbling
Bubbles to the Lord Chancellor
Principal Manager behind the Scenes
What Marshal *BRACKETED* Bubbles
How the Glory of Brunswick is -----
Transported for Life
Coward and Thief
Execration
Detestation
Napolean, Late Emperor of the French, King of Italy Protecter of the Confederation of the Rhine, Grand Arbiter of the fate of Nations &c &c &c but now by the permission of the Allied Sovereigns, Exile in the Isle of Elba an Outcast from Society a fugitive a Vagabond. Yet this is the conceited Mortal who said, I have never been seduced by prosperity Adversity will not be able to overcome me—
Rejoice O ye Kings Vive le Roi
Now we are met a Jolly set in spite of Wind or Weather
From fickle fortune's gamesome lap What various titles flow The Emperor of Conj *BRACKETED* rors Nap The King of Beggars Joe!
And, though  OPEN>> rope
Whig
our
I dont know how it is - but I manage this Soup business rather awkwardly - I suppose it is from being so much used to the stewing and Broiling line.
Though I say it that made it - you never tasted better soup in your life
O
I don't mind what he says - my Hearty I say it's very good Soup - and a d------d deal better *BRACKETED* than your Gin. I should like a little more bread for all that, and it would be quite as well - if it did not taste so strong of the Ceylon pepper.
Delegate from the Sheffield & Leeds Constl Socs to the British Convention
Dulce et decorum est pro Patria mori
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Tu la *BRACKETED* voulu
La France
L'Espagne
L'Amerique
L'Angleterre
Du Sein de la tyrannie naquit l'Independence. M. A. Voltaire
Royal Electric fluid
Fire and Murder defended
Deep designs
Assassination
Brutus
Cataline
Electrical Batteries so contrivd to Distroy any Assembly or Member at Pleasure
Select Meetings
Massacres
Counter Revolutions
Revolutions
Plots
Treasons
Conspiracys
Brimstone
G. Powdr
Treason
Murders
Fires
Gun Powder
Villany Triumphant
Rebellion
Downfall of Royalty
American Revolution
Massacre & Plunder
The Rights of Man
Common Sense
Gun Powder
A La Lantern
Shooting the King of Sweeden
Charles the First
Watt Tyler
Guillotin
Napoleon
I
V
España
Cumbre *BRACKETED* de la generositad
Allà va esa para prueva de mi aprecio, perdona la cortedad
Ha España ungrata!
Campo de la perfidia y maquiabelismo
Cumbre de la Sagacidad
Inglaterra
Telescopio politico
Esto ya lo tenia Yo previsto
El que en el norte trionfó con la mentira y patraña, al intentarlo en españa éste en su plan se cajó.
The Chronologist N° 9
In what better condition am I now that the Reform Bill has past! I have been obliged to Rob my Family to pay Tax's and now they tell me I'm Fr *BRACKETED* enchised, that is I suppose Lean, meagre and to live upon Frogs
Outlines
Jan. 30
The Man of Moderation
Loyalty
Pro rege, lege, grege
Commonwealth
Patriotism by C. Cromwell
Independence
Ich Di *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  within the crown. The chair is backed by an elaborate architectural canopy with ornate pilasters on which swags of fruit and flowers are carved in relief: *BRACKETED* grapes and lemons *BRACKETED* , and *BRACKETED* roses and shamrocks. Above the seat are figures of Britannia and Erin, kissing, standing on a curved base inscribed  OPEN>> The Union
Belendenus
Union
London und Paris
God save the King
W. Pitt, 1801
The Porcupine \\ Fear God Honor the King
Benefits of the Union
Nabob
the man under Breeches punishment
First Book for the Instruction of Students in the King's College
Joe Hume and Hal Brough'm
would Corruption kill
So Peel shall whistle, and Wellington sing, And the Borough men merrily play; And the Bishops shall dance a quadrille with the King, And drive the Reformers away
Remigration
Toy
Coronation
Portland Isle
Pettion *BRACKETED* to Jove *BRACKETED* Subject. T B She ...
Catholic Emancipation
B.N.Ks Motion
Report of Abuses
Reduction of Sinecures
Church
King
Catholic Penalties
St Mat. Chap. 25. v. 30
N° 9........
I Promise to pay to Messrs Public Justice & Virtue, \\ or Bearer, Five Danish Skillings, when the Diabolical Massacre & \\ Robbery of the Danes, shall have been properly atoned for, and when the injur\\ed Honor & Moral Justice of Britain shall have been completely restored. \\ Copenhagen, the 7 day of Septr *BRACKETED* . \\ For Justice, Revenge, Millions & Self, \\ *BRACKETED* Hamlet. \\ Danish Skillings FIVE \\ Entd Heartfelt Horror.
A New Arms for Algiers
Piety
Koran
Piracy
Murder
Plunder
Sic transit gloria nationis
His Ability & Agility will make a Man Laugh As he lights 18 Lamps in an Hour and a half
£
calling the streets
Single Gloucester
German Sausages to be sent back again Untasted as some of the Female branches of the family are beginning to be Sick of the Article & prefer Native Commodities.
The Coburg Waltz
Bread, Cheese & Kisses with good will Is better than Sour Krout or Cabbage So live with me & take your fill And never ask for German Sausage!!
What's German Sausages to me? Such foreign things I will not foster And when I wed, the World shall see I love a bit of Single Gloucester!!
Field Marshals Batoon
A present from my Cousin George for Kissing his Sister
Mary's Dream a Song
Ministerial Advisers
The Wise & Prudent King, against the body of Belgian Revolters Wise and Prudent Measures of a partial Dutch states Genl—we will enforce in concert with Austria, Rus *BRACKETED* and Prussia as Arbitrators—Pro Bono Sese
You shall not go into the City—I am so frightened—Oh dear—I must have been Mad to have taken this Place *BRACKETED* —
I can't swallow it—I wo'nt take it. I'm sure I shall bring it up again I will go
If you can get that down I'll make him swallow this next—I wish I was out of it!!
Police under my immediate Controul
Petition against the Blue Regmt being under the command of Government
Why you Lubberly Rat-catcher *BRACKETED* , if so be you are afraid of your own sweet Carcase, why do'nt you Shear off? what frightened by a Don-Key!!!
You shall be King and I will be Vice-Roy over you
Relicks
Tokay
Lackrymy Christi
Consecrated Cup
Absolu *BRACKETED* Confess *BRACKETED* of Miss Wagtail.
Food for the Convent
I am a Friar, of Orders Grey, . . .
What Baron, or Squire, or Knight of the Shire, Lives half so well as a Holy Friar
The English Sailor, and French Citizen. \\ ------- Ah - ah Monsieur. \\ Je suis très humblement voire serviteur. Page 5 line 5.
To teach the English freedom.
Jack Oakum
The Extraordinary Black Book
'Twas your zealous want of sense, and sanctified impertinence; Obliged, the State to talk about, and turn you root & branch all out.
Might Makes Right!!!
Cunning Is Power
J. Bull
The Whigs March Loaves & Fishes
Extracts from the Council
. . . Sung by Mr Fawcett, at Covent Garden Theatre.
The Game Chicken
And dere vas nothing to do but buy de ring out of her fader's shop - but ve couldn't agree about de price . . .
Her Broder vash mighty rich, and got money in de shtocks, He vashn't so vulgar to get it by trade, but taught de great people to spa and to box
An Honest Man is the noblest work of God
Magna Charta—Pro Rege, lege,grege
Diogenes being observed looking about with a lanthorn alight a *BRACKETED* Noon Day, was asked what he was hunting after when he replied, for an Honest Man
The Globe
French Conquests
Court Calender
Locke on Human Understanding
The Treasury
Brittania Triumphant
Court Calender
The Treasury
I wish from my heart - one of us three was hang'd - I don't mean you poor Puss - nor I don't mean myself
The Pigeons. Dedicated to all the Flats, and Showing the Artifices, Success and Crimes of Gaming, Gamesters, and Gambling Houses. . . . By the Author of the Greeks. Ninth Edition. London: Printed for J. J. Stockdale No. 41 Pall-Mall. 1817.
Satirist
Destroy his Web, his prophecy  OPEN>> s in vain / The Creature's at his dirty work again.
Lies
False Prophesies
Passing the worst part of a miry winter in a country so inveterately miry as to imprison you within your own premises so that by way of exercise, and to keep yourself alive, you take to rolling your gravel walks *BRACKETED* cutting wood *BRACKETED* working the dumb bells, or such other irrational exercise
Aut Cæsar aut Nullus
Hear my Friend Vetus.
Fr *BRACKETED* Trade
Free Port *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Behind Wellesley is a second ass, with a thick sheaf of newspapers,  OPEN>> The Times
Qui Veut
No! I am not going to act Sancho Panza to your Quixot I assure. I am off to St James's!
To the Electors of Liverpool
Venial
Vetus Letters
Behold your King! your Governor! your Ruler! your God! This is the only being capable of opposing that great Conqueror Bonaparte who is overrunning Russia and will conquer the whole world, recieve him with open Arms, and hail his triumphal entry.
Lo! behold the Hero come, / Blow the Trumpet beat the Drum, / Sound his praise with Voice and Bum.
The finest letters that ever were read on the word of a Newsman
Vetus's Letters
Liverpool
Glasgow
H *BRACKETED* Petition
No Monopoly! Free Trade
Hey Marquis! Well it's sly of you
Free Trade Free Trade
No Nabobs.
Free Trade
No! No! we dont want any more Kings No more Governors—no more Tyrants I know him well and so do all our honest Statesmen, and for his last attempt at Monopoly in the Government will not act with him so off with you!, off! off!
Thats right Johnny keep them out. we might as well let in the Great Mogul.
Who aspires must down as low
Venus
Jupiter
Georgium Sidus
Proclama
Bagshot
petit-maître
You vile pack of Vagabonds what do you mean
Dutch Oven
Donder & Blaxan to Dis Fraternization instead of smoaking mine Pipes & sacking De Gold, Dis french Broders make me build Ships Dat Mynheer Jan Bull may have De Fun to take dem.
Sacredieu Citoyens make a Haste wit one autre Fleet, den we will shew you how to make one grande Invasion.
Ruination, Botheration, Confiscation, Requisition, Plunderation, Limitation, Execution, Constitution, Fraternization, Naturalization, Expedition, Abolition, Cutthroatation & Damnation
How! That Nelson wit one Arm & Eye, can take our Ships by Dozens then vat shall we do against the autres, wid two Arms and Eyes, dey will have two dozen at a Time
What? you could not find that out before you stupid Dupes, but since you began the fun you shall keep on - So work away Damn ye else Jack Tar will soon be idle
Push on keep moving *BRACKETED* I'll soon come for another Cargo for Old England for ever Huzza
Ah What is Man when his own wish prevails How rash, how swift to plunge himself in Ill! Proud of his Pow'r and boundless in his Will! On the wall are two pictures: *BRACKETED* The Victim, Queen Caroline in an open boat with four companions on a stormy sea, driving towards the shore and in great danger; *BRACKETED* The Cunningham Frigate, a yacht-like vessel with furled sails, and with George IV as a carved figure-head. On deck sits a fat woman; one attendant holds a parasol over her, another fans her. Above the King's head are the words of his song from  OPEN>> Midas
Pray Sir is this considered a hot situation?
O! no Madam this is I assure you quite a h—airy spot—a very h—airy spot indeed.
It is warm indeed
Good Heavens what a warm day
Reform
English law
guilty scoundrels
All their snares and their force,  OPEN>> twill eventually blight
Gazette Extraordinary
The last Speech, Dying Words, and Confession of T. P.
hired himself to the French
The Rights of Man
"that he thought roast beef and plumb pudding better than soup meagre and fried frogs
a side squint of Mr.  OPEN>> Equality
Reform
Here's a health to lohn Bull and may this be his pride Bless the King of lohn Bull and lohn Bulls fire side lohn Bulls fire side should foe dare to frown— May lohn ne'er want a Cudgel to knook *BRACKETED* the foe Down
Artists
Marble Job
Lath & Plaister Acct
Job
Pimlico job
Regent Street Job
Brighton Job
Suffolk Street Job
Woods and Forests Job
Windsor Job
Brick . . .
his Mi . . . Job
Mosaic Gold Job
My dear Jacky as we have lost the Sun-fire Office let us pursue our plan
I will my dear & ruin him that got it if we can
1777
D**n Fall of the Little Man
Mr Miller Printer of the Lonn Eveng *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  and  OPEN>> To Mr Say in Ave Maria Lane.
O Son O Son remember I am your Father and you had better not have drawn the plan
Let me hear no more I was perswaded to it
Davis Smith
No more Cabbage all the Salary nipped
Ways & Means
Garland
Jack in the green
Sung by Mr. Incledon. - Mr. Braham. - Mr. Dignum. - Mr. Hill. - Mr. Taylor, &c. &c.
Sally
Go on the Voice of My People is the Voice of God, But Oh Im Sick I feel myself Falling; CRUGER
To Peter Wick Philladelph *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . A little boy says to the man supporting Cruger,  OPEN>> Twig Father Peach
Is our Poor Doodle sick then Farewell, Independence
O we Poor Devils of Yankeys the English have Deceiv'd us
and our Spy, is Surrounded by a Thousand Various Difficulties.
Lighten our Darkness we beseech O Liberty
I shall be of Service to Your Congress
In Old Oliver's Days &c.
Cruger and Wooden Loaf will gull the Mob
Supporter of rebellion
Behold this Pious Dame
Fast Day Prayer
Everlasting Prosperity to our Church & King DAUBENY
an excellent place for St Abigals
A Broughtonian Bully a Slanderer of Virtue a Yankey Whoremonger
I'll sett the whole in a blaze
. . . esq. Bonds
A new way to pay old Debts
I cannot do that but I'll vote to burn the Owners
Heavens a Lee Shore I'd rather face
G------d fire me now if I've a Potatoe left
Dis an dat make ver good Soup
A very good strengthener - but will it cure. . .  OPEN>> . The next man holds a cow's heel over the pot saying  OPEN>> by Jasus nothing makes better Mutton Broth than a good Cow heel
and I'll find Coals
Richmond Shilling
Rights of Man
Stop Thief the son of a W------e has stole my Coals
We are gathered together in thy name
Sing tantararara Rogues all Rogues all
the House that Jack built
This is the Bridge that was blown into air.
These are the Miners that had the care / Of mining the Bridge . . . *BRACKETED* .
This is the Corporal, stout and strong, / Who fired the Mine with his match so long, / Which was made by the Miners . . . *BRACKETED* .
This is the Colonel of Infantry, Who ordered the Corporal . . . *BRACKETED* .
This is the Marshal of high degree / Who whispered the Colonel.. . *BRACKETED* .
This is the Emperor who scampered away, / And left the Marshal . . . *BRACKETED* .
These are the Thousands who cursed the day, / Which made him Emperor ... *BRACKETED* .
These are the Monarchs so gen'rous and brave, / Who conquered the Tyrant, and Liberty gave, / To Thousands on Thousands . . . *BRACKETED* .
Grosvenor Street
The Mount
Behold the Patriotism, and Radical Reform of Ruffian Assemblies.
Radical Reform
Liberty or Death
Universal Suffrage
Ord *BRACKETED* O Or *BRACKETED* Or *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . In the background are blazing buildings, including St. Paul's. Below:  OPEN>> If Ruffians are abroad assembling their Meetings, Disguising their rapine under peaceable greetings, They soon will begin our rights to secure, By havoc and flames;—making all alike poor
Smoaker
Two ounces of very lean beef—and one of ham all lean.
You should try and eat fat my friend—it would do you good—got any paper to put it in? we cant find paper.
Come mother whats for You?
a quarter of a pound of your buttock o
a pen'north a pudding if you please.
its a bad un!
My ass, in a Band box
Birds of Prey
New Laws Not Known
Suspend Ha—us *BRACKETED* Cor—us Fresh Powers
Ridicule
Infamy
Murder
Deciet
Treason
Adultery
Blasphemy
Seduction
Lying
Sedition
I have made him a fixed figure for the hand of scorn to point her slow unmoveing finger at
Will your ladyship do me the honor to say £50-000 \\ - a mere trifle - a brilliant of the first water. \\ an unheard of price for such a lot, surely
The Master's Wig the guilty wight appals Who brings his Dog within the College walk
vide opening of New Drury Lane Theatre.
Ih ho Ih ho Ih ho,
My Pegasus Buz
Nor ever here your smiles would be represt,  OPEN>> Knew you the rival flames that fires our breast,  OPEN>> Flame, Fire and Flame!—sad—woe Neddy! Ladies and Gentlemen, My Papa's Pegasus is so full of fire and spirit that very few are capable of mounting him. for my self I never spoke but once & that was— Unce logos but if you will give me leave to get on with my Papas Monologue I am positive you will pronounce it the prettiest piece of poetry produced for the purpose.
Ladies and Gentlemen, it was never the intention of the Proprietors to introduce Assess *BRACKETED* on these boards but as you seem entertained with their braying if it *BRACKETED* your wish, we will procure some trainers from the other House as we are really ignorant in the management of thes *BRACKETED* Animals.
Ladies and Gentlemen, only hear My Son speak my Monologue written by myself the only one fit to be heard the committee are as ignorant of good Poetry a *BRACKETED* I am of true criticism. I am a great writer reviews my sons works very clever indeed—writes my own life—well worth reading—my Life of Lucius Otrigger will astonish you now pray hear my Son speak my Monologue!—.
Bravo! Go on! Go, on,
Bravo Apollo go on Go . . .
Why don't you come down and get up behind don't you see he wants ballast.
When you have done there—set those Epigrams to Music young Apollo!
Off Off Off Off
he will be off presently if Neddy kicks so!
Go on Go on
Speak out you should have brought your Voice with you
hear him hear him.
The Judgement of Midas
A Lord *BRACKETED* and a Doctor once started for Fame Which for the best Poet should pass The Lord was cried up on account of his name The Doctor cried down for an Ass—
Doctor Buz he assures us on Drury new Stage No Horses or Elephants, there should engage But pray Doctor Buz, how comes it to pass, That you your own self should produce there an Ass
Old Buz against Quadrupeds, war did wage, And swore on Drury's board's such Mum'ry ne'er should pass But forcing his own Pegasus on Drurys stage The Critic Audience christen'd Buz an Ass.
"Fair round Belly with good capon lin'd
Turtle
By gar, if de paunch vos not as thick as de head he vos burst
Champaign
By Got, his worship to fill de Belly will empty My Lor's cellar
Champaign
Hock
Burgundy
Claret
O ye Cooks! what havock Gluttony makes among your Works
Simple Repeal
Theatre Royal College Green. The Turncoat or Mendicant Patriot. Interlude. Surprizing Bear, Real Speaking Ape. Farce of the Whigs.
Sung with unbounded Applause by Mr. Liston, in the New Play called The Africans; or War, Love, and Duty: written by George Colman, the Younger
. . . won't you, won't you, come Mr. Mug ?
Mr Mug
a trading blackamoor
his black Mandingo Majesty's white Minister of State
Age of Reason
Republic *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Calumny
The greatest good may be converted into the greatest evil
Beaux
Murder Murder
Mr Weston in ye part of Scrub
For the Benefit of Thalia For this Night only The Pit laid into the Boxes
Treatise on the use of Cocoa
Mermaid Hackney Meeting of the Freeholders for obtaining a Repeal of the odious, detestable, obnoxious, unconstitutional oppressive treasonable . . .
Address to his Majesty by the Freeholders
Satirist
Dispatches Massena 10000 slain ran away all
Avenge us Wellington
. . . faithfull frind Wm Cobbet
5th Plate—my next step was to procure a Discharge from my ever-lamented associate the Lord-Edwd Fitzgerald:—with this I returned to England, and directly set about writing  OPEN>> the-Soldiers-Friend
Damnation to the House of Brunswick!
Accusations agst Capn Powel & others
—if my Accusation is without foundation the authors of cruelty have not yet devised the tortures I ought to endure; Hell itself, as painted by the most fiery bigot, is too mild a punishment for me!—See my own Letter to Sir Charles Gould—Judge Advocate General
Court-Mart *BRACKETED* to be held. . . and Charges by W. Cobbett against Cap. Powel
Beelzebub—Pawn-broker—The utmost Value for souls taken in Pawn
Trials for Ungentlemanly Conduct
Military L . . .
Court Martial upon . . .
Motion for a Court Martial
Trial of Cap . . .
Court Martial
May we have in our Arms those we love in our Hearts. Oh, my dear old Slaughter 'em, here we meet, no more to part!  OPEN>> There's no place like home.
A bishop, spiked on a trident, is told:  OPEN>> There are no Tithes paid in these Regions, Old Boy
I'm very glad I've got rid of that Batch. That d—d fat Bishop, alone, is a load enough for any poor Devil
Ex Officio
Strong Box
Pin Money
Post Obit
Pocket Pieces
Sale of Timber
Turf Callender - Cock Fighting
Rebuilt with Portland Stone in the Beginning of the Nineteenth Century
By St Dennis Mr Bull, you seem in a Brown Quandary - but dont be angry - you have nothing to do with the business we are about - it is quite of a private nature.
Private nature - what d'ye mean - why I wur told something wur going on about the Steat o
Knaves Acre T, St Stephens Lane R, Constitution Hill K.
Towler
Bow Wow Wow
I'll set light to the Touch-ole and see if it will give the Bomb! any extra motion, and should a couple of Balls give a mortal blow to R-d *BRACKETED* , it will be a lucky Stroke.
The Man of the People? Double Chaind!!!
. . . abuse, Corruption, Tyranny. Despotism
Liberty
Magna Charter
Discovery of Conspiraters By M.W.
Life of Wittington
Wilks
Scornful Man *BRACKETED* bring a City into a Snare / But wise Men turn away Wrath—Pro. C 29 v 8.
An approved plan for the correction of Prostitutes.
I wish my fancy man Bill turtle-nose *BRACKETED* was here to take my Part!!
The Children of Israel, Driven from the Bank—
D—n him I should like to smash him.
Disturbing the guardian of ye night from his Repose.
D—n it how I am troubled with the Night Mare!!
Cleansing the City of Prostitutes.
Get along you nasty Whores.
Thats your sort *BRACKETED* , Matt. go it we will Cleanse the Strets *BRACKETED* Speedy & soon *BRACKETED* .
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
I'll souse him, a Dog, Tax Maid Servants, ha!
Ici on Loge a Pied et a Cheval
Bonne double bierre de Mars
Hitherto shall ye go & No Further
Bring hither the fatted Calf we will rejoice & make merry for I have found the Sheep that was lost.
I know ye not, Vain Profligates, fall to your prayers; how ill White hairs become a fool fe? jester . . .
Old man
Vain Proffligates
The tutors & the Feeders of my Riots; vd Henery 4 *BRACKETED* .  OPEN>> I will return to my Father & say unto him. Father I have Sinned against heaven & in thy sight, and am no more worthy to be called thy Son make me as One of thy Hired Servants.
Your affectionate Brother Egalité
After you have caused the same Disturbances in Your country that we have long enjoyed here, fly to the Arms of your Dear Brother Condorcet
We have often Devised, matter enough to keep him in Continual Laughfter, the wearing out of Six fashions, which is four terms, or two Actions; & he has Laughed without Intervalliums, a lye with a strong Oath, & a Jest with a Sad Brow, has done with a Fellow that never had the ache in his Shoulders, we have seen him Laugh, till his Face has been like a Cloak ill laid Up; v Henery 4
No more Coalitions no more French cut Throats.
Hudsons Hotel
Paul & Indep *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , is partly visible on the extreme right., to the hustings, part of which is in the background *BRACKETED* . The central figure is Paull, seated with crossed ankles on a big  OPEN>> India Cabbage
True Perth Cucumber
Superfine Cloth
Patterns for the New Parliament Dress
Goose upon Goose
Come along Goosee! come along! Paulee says he will go with you if its to the Scaffold! Goosee!!
Hints for New Patriots
Paul & Public Good
There's a Penny apiece, for you Lads! & now Hollo out -  OPEN>> Paul forever!
List of the London Correspo *BRACKETED* Society
Glorious News! - Paul for ever! - damnation to the Whigs
Cobbett's Political Register
Speeches for Paul Goose &c &c &c
Independence and Public Justice
Paul & Plumpers
Paul
Paul for Ever
Paul & Plumpers
The Wit's Magazine
the greatest beau in the company
1s. 6d
Come my Hearty - mind what you are at - make good use of your Eyes - you know the terms on which I set sail - ten golden quids if you come to Anchor in ten minutes - but a minute beyond time, and you have but five you know, so heave a head do you hear - and lay in plenty of the true-blue about the jacket, - and Harkee Young-one - don't forget the beauty spot on the lar-board side of my Cheek - Poll calls it her hearts delight, - well this same painting is a fine knack to be sure - but I am rather puzzled about one thing - If you can get my hulk, head, and stern into that there little bit of ivory - d------n me, but I think you would be able to tow a seventy-four through one of the cock boat Arches of London Bridge.
To the Slough of Despond
vis-à-vis
Licens'd by Act of Parliament
Pro Bono Publico
Bill of Rights
Magna Charta
Impeachment of W. Hastings
O Liberty! O Virtue! O my Country!
To the Temple of Honor
Golden Eggs
Licens'd by Royal Authority
"The very stones look up to see,  OPEN>> Such very gorgeous Harlotry; Shaming an honest Nation.
To Hertford
Wales
limonadiere
OPEN>> Merrily danced the Quaker's wife
Friend Grizzy let us love,  OPEN>> Tho
Mine heart thou can'st not doubt, for oh!  OPEN>> Thou knows thou hast got old
Seraglio
Kick all those little Hussey's out my Dear boy I'll do your business for you
Vat a fine large Girl as a Bear I fear she will be too much for me
we'll give it you for serving the pretty Ladies in England as you did & Laying so much upon them.
and for taxing their Things
Indeed I never did lay too much upon them Oh dear me I shall faint I can't stand indeed I cant
Vice . . .
Vice Chanr
His radiis rediviva viresco
First Charge Lie Ist
2d Charge Lie 2d
3d Charge Lie 3d
5th Charge Lie 5
7th Charge Lie ye 7th
Protest
Judicium Parum
Not Guilty
Lex Terrae
No Crime by ye unanimous opinion of ye eleven Judges
Tis the Lords doing And has spoiled our Brewing.
Ex pede Herculem
Casting Vote
Vote of Thanks to the Managers
not sweet wort
The Tenth Report waste Paper
I do my Best and yet it fails I hold my tongue and Bite my Nails
From such Inquisitors Impeachers Tub Politicians and Tub-preachers Like Wolves carnivorous From Bonds fore'd witness and the Rack From Brother Hely and the Quack Good Lords deliver us From Brissots Malice, Law's fell Scowl From Tucker's pen and Slanders foul Kinnairds ungrateful Words From Friends that censure, Foes that mock And hearts as hard as Vincent's Rock Deliver us Good Lords, Litany for John Bull by Carduus Benedictus
Now in de Mouth, den in de Eye, & den where you like.
vill you have de toder Stroke
no no I find I cant Stand up to yow now I'm done, Oh! my Eye.
Gentlemen and Ladies Taught the polite Arts of Boxing, Fencing &c &c by------George & ------D'Eon
Lottery Tickets
Lotte . .
Gould Guinea Pipes
Pipes of Wine
Wine
Puff Puff Puff
Puff
Bible
Bible Tea—& Lottery Puffs for Ready Money only
Now do's'nt thee think the Sin. of Hypocrisy is the greatest of all Sin, why thee pretendeth to be Religious by Recommendation, & by Law, thee establisheth a system of Vice, fraud, & even of Death itself, by Lottery gambling, & that full of deception, & Chicanery, thee sayest I do it not, no verily, but thou havest others to do it for thee.
It is truely astonishing, what a quantity of Vice I can create for so little Money, I care not for the Immorality of the thing, if lean but get the Money!
Well done my Religious deciver *BRACKETED* , never mind what that fellow says, we will do the dirty Work for you, so long as we are allowed by Law to make up the Lotteries our own way, and so artfully blind & decieve the People, as to make our £400,000 a Year by them, while you the Propagator of the Vice, only make £300,000, we make money enough to open Tea Shops, Cheap Shope *BRACKETED* and to gull the Public, in a hundred different way's beside.
Scheme for a New Lottery Puff
Tea and Puff
Genuine Tea Puff
Tea without Sugar
Now with Religious Zeal the Poor with Bible Crams, Then with false Lottery Puffs, the Poor he tempts & Damns. Querie, is not this a Subject for the Society for the Suppression of Vice? no,— they never meddle with the Vices of the great, but only punnish the little for immitating them
A Trio by Signr.
Keppel for Ever
mergas profundo pulchrior evenit
Sr H. Knt
Log Book
5 Lies
Formidable
Honours tendrest part
Twitcher
£400,000 Sunk
Essay on Woman
Exitus acta probat
Alass poor Kitty
Art of Financing
The Gibbet has got their Bodies my Boy their Hearts & Souls are mine
Plan de Clermontois
To thee I call, But with no friendly voice, & add thy name, Sh ne! to tell thee how I hate thy beams, That bring to my remembrance from what state I fell: &c. &c. &c....
Defence of virtue
Oppression
Tyranny
religion
Loyalty & Affection
Democracy
Law
On the Boundaries of the Map is Religion - The Crown is surrounded by Loyalty and Affection - Honor, under the Crown - Democracy is trodden under Foot - Britons unite in our Law, Liberty, and Independence - Security and Property extending from one side of the Country to the other.
Dining, and passing the whole evening with a party of foxhunters, after they have had what they call  OPEN>> glorious sport
There! There! - There's a nice gash! - there! - ah, this will be a glorious subject for to make a fuss about in the News-papers; - a hundred Guineas reward, will make a fine sound: - there! there! - O, there will be fine talking about the Gallery: and it will bring in a rare sight of Shillings for seeing of the cut Pictures; - there! - & there again! - egad there's nothing like having a good headpiece! - here!! - here!! - there! there! - and then these Small pictures won't cost a great deal of money replacing; - indeed one would not like to cut a large one to pieces for the sake of making it look as if People envied us; no! - that would cost rather too much; & my pocket begins - but mum! - thats nothing to nobody - well, none can blame me for going the cheapest way to work: - to *BRACKETED* keep up the reputation of the Gallery - there! there! there! - there! there!
Why d'ye see I am an old Seaman and not easily imposed upon—I say that cant be my Son Jacks child why he has been married but three months and during that time he has been at sea—the thing is impossible you may as well tell me that my ship Nancy goes nine knots an hour in a dead calm, and now I look again its the very picture of Peter Wilkins the Soap Boiler.
My dear Father-in Law, Ill make it out very easily—Jack has been married to me three months—very well—I have been with child three months—which makes six—then he has been to sea three months has not he?— and that just makes up the Nine!!
Father, Farther *BRACKETED* ,—dont be too hard upon Poll—I know something of the log book myself—and d—m me but she has kept her reckoning like a true Seamans wife.
Satirist
New Era
eclipse the glories of Britain
Satirist
The / Satirist / New Series / N° 1
S N S
Derriere la vache sont un François & un Espagnol; le premier, d'un air très-content, emporte une jatte pleine de lait; & le second, tenant toute préte une moindre jatte, semble en attendre sa part.
The Duenna
how we apples swim
London pride
Blue belle
Snap dragon
Snowdrop
Lark-spur
Lily
Petitions from every Part of the World— *BRACKETED* to Dismiss the Ministers— signed by upwards of 999,999—Millions of the Brute Creation.
Petition of Lord Mayor & Citizens of London to Dismiss Ministers
Petitions from every part of England & Wales to Dismiss Ministers &c &c &c
. . . ions from every Part of Scotland to Dismiss Ministers &c &c &c
Petitions from every part of Ireland . . . *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Hooves rise from cattle behind holding more petitions:  OPEN>> from Europe
From Asia
from Africa
from America
from every Honest Man
X
Historical Fact,—King Henry VIII, being petitioned to dismiss his Ministers & Council, by the Citizens of London & many boroughs, to releive his Oppressed Subjects, made the Citizens this Sagacious reply:—"We, with all Our Cabinet, think it strange that ye, who be but brutes, & inexpert folk, shd tell us who be & who be not fit for our Council
chapeau-bras
W H.
Fee
To St. James's
Justice
Impeachment
Treatise on Friendship
Honor
Evidence
To the High Court
Treatise on the Yellow Jaundice
Large Bonnets & Small Waists
False Curls & Bustles
False Teeth
Mustachios Worn By Fops Not Military Nor Civil
His nose is like Steel cutting thro
Then came the time for prayer & fasting so the Elders of the City and the chief Priests met together to feast!!!!!
Cheap Tobbaco
cit
What a Luxury
I scarcely think it smokes so well
Cheap Advertisements
I want a wife shall I advertise
No No ther's so many advertisements now nobody reads them
Cheap Coals—a real blessing
Cheap Candles
Throwing a light upon the subject
Cheap Printed Cotton
Why object to our holding some few livings dont we pay curates and dont they do duty in a most exemplary manner
They do so well that I see no need of your dignified Reverences
I will protect you
but dont meddle with Lord K—g for every knock you give him he gives us two
hold your tongue for a fool
sure it's yourself's agoing to spake
Does this road go to d
Noa it stays where it is
I could a tale unfold
Belgium
Poland
Greece
Smoke
ha ha ha ha
The Better Part of Valor is discretion.
Corruption
Public Purse
Mirror of the Public Press
I've got a rod in pickle for them
Revolution
Modena
Don Giovanni.... His Holiness the Pope  OPEN>> Ghost...... Senor Vox Populi  OPEN>> Lepporello...... The Duke of Modena  OPEN>> Ladies...... By those respectable old gentlewomen the conclave of Cardinals.
What tax the stocks—oh shocking!!!
Bull
Gentlemen gentlemen we perceive our mistake
State Nurses
I'll have Gibralter Minorca and Florida
Tea Act
Independance & no Taxation
Armed Neutrality & free Navigation
Hoot await ye bougers do ye no ken the bairns asleep
Habeas Corpus
*BRACKETED* a Charta
Get away raw head & bloody bones here is a Child dont fear ye
Lets drink & lets sing together
Gibralter
Windsor
Illustrious Martyr in the glorious cause Of truth, of freedom, and of equal laws
A sudden thought strikes me!
Parch-ment all
Will
In such a cause, the Plaintiff will be hiss'd,/  OPEN>> My Lord
you're dismiss'd.
Topographical Views in Great Britain, Plate 2.
Wreck
Rock of the Constitution
Arrah now long life to you my Jewel
Hurrah
Hurrah! the Blessings of St Patrick on ye
The Loyalist's House that Jack built
Universal Suffrage
Vote by Ballot
Annual Parliaments
Arti *BRACKETED* of Convention between Genl Gates & Genl Burgoyne
Gen. Gates
Coute qui Coute
Vat de devil shall Ve say in de Bulletin?
By gar he is almost lost!!
Say!!!! why say we have got into Comfortable Winter Quarters, and the Weather is very fine & will last 8 days longer. Say we have got plenty of Soup Meagre plenty of Minced meat—grilld Bears fine Eating—driveing Cut-us-off to the Devil Say we shall be at home at Xmas to dinner—give my love to darling *BRACKETED* —don't let John Bull know that I have been Cowpoxed—tell a good lie about the Cossacks—D—e tell any thing but the Truth.
Avarice
Ambition
Hypocrisy
Evil be to them that Evil think
Declaration, Since People in geriral agree This place should have fit Members three *BRACKETED* Where they, pro bono publico, The Crows their parts so rare may show, And the Nation serve most truly Elected I return 'em duly. Justice returning officer
At the Kings Theatre by his Majesty's Servants, The Patriots with The Triumph of virtue
At the little Theatre by a Strolling Company will be attempted Oliver Cromwell. *BRACKETED* after the play a dance of furies by Reynard, Boreas and Omer with the Mock Patriot which will be performed in a masterly manner
Dr Ax undertakes to cure the most confirmed Disorders, by three doses, and to restore the Constitution to perfect Health...
Your Votes are desired for Edmund, Frederic, Charles Cerberus
G.R
here he Comes.
Behind Great John!!!
John
This is Praiseworthy Lovely & of Good Report.
two millers thin, Would starve us all or near it; But be it known to Skin and Bone, That flesh and blood can't bear it.
flesh and blood
£/4. 14s pr Qr
I wish it were possible to lower the price Johnny, it griev's me to tell there's no Corn in the Country! we shall all be starved before Christmas -  OPEN>> . John answers:  OPEN>> I know you of old - there's no appearance of scarcity except in yourself & Damn me if I ever see you or hear your name Billy lt puts me in mind of Famine!!
£/5 - 5s pr Qr
two millers
To serve my best friends on earth & my future prime ministers I order the price to be raised to  OPEN>> £8 - 8s - pr Quart------
L'Entrée Triomphante du Père la Violette ou le Bouquet de Waterloo
Le Northumberland
St Hélene
Northumberland
God-dem quel Saut!
Tu te cache Joseph, tu ne sent donc plus la Violette.
Mon frère, la Violette de Mars est flétrie.
comme ceci sent la Violette *BRACKETED* .
dunghill
Giovanni in London
'Bardolph! am I not falling away vilely since this last action?—have ye levers to raise me up again ? *BRACKETED* ; he has been struck down by lightning-darts inscribed Public Press issuing from a dark cloud above the Covent Garden contingent. The other pair are Young and Mrs. Bartley in their parts in King John *BRACKETED* . Constance:  OPEN>> My grief's so great that nothing but the huge, firm, earth, can bear it up.
he is a very serpent in my way; and wheresoe'er this foot of mine doth tread, he lies before me
Remember whom you have to cope withal, &c
... vagabonds, rascals and runaways . . . base lackey peasants
Mrs Jenny said your Ladyship complain'd of being cold about the loins - so I have Just stept in with a warm flannel petticoat.
I have no loins fellow! do you want to make a monster of me?!!
Regent 120
D—n me, work my lads let them see wee have not been to Portsmouth for nothing.
By the powers, Sir, that would suit for the flag ship of another Walchren Expedition *BRACKETED* .
Castlereigh 98
Ellenborough 98
I never took such pains to please John Bull before—if any dare laugh at my work D—me but I'll pillory 'em.
Liverpool 110.
This exploit will render us immortal & history will describe me as a Statesman & Shipbuilder of the first rate.
Eldon 98
Good Lord, this will be as long a Job as a Chancery Suit.
Petition
Sidmouth 98
Petition
I never thought these Petitions would meet the eye of the Prince, but, on this occasion, they shall for once be seen by him.
Out upon you is this the way you attend to my concerns while I am Ill! Please the Lord to bring me about, & I'll ship you all off to New South Wales in your own walnut shells.
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Where the devil are you comeing too *BRACKETED* do you take it for an Inn, or the Auction Mart.
A comeing to the Pavillion to be sure, with Drawings for the New Carraiges tell her Ladyship Baxter's here, No Hoax I hope!
Carriages
*BRACKETED* ady Denys / to H. Kelly / A Saddle 5. 0. 0 / do Ladys 6. 3 / 2 whips 2 / Recd 13 3. He says:  OPEN>> If this is a Hoax I wish we could put the Saddle on the right Horse.
A thousand New laid Eggs what a large Order its very lucky that we had just recieved the Cargo from Scotland.
Here's the Buckskin Breeches for her Ladyship to keep her warm this cold Summer.
I never had such a load of chamber Pots from our house in my life before. Ah by Jasus my Lady's an Irishman sure enough and they knock about the Whisky here. They are labelled:  OPEN>> 50 China Chamber Pots for the Pavilli *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Behind him and on the extreme right is a well-dressed young man with a covered basket over his arm, saying,  OPEN>> Bless me! twenty doses of Physic for the Servants Ah they have been eating some foreign Kickshaw! D Squirt must be call'd in after all!
A Woman of Taste! here's an Order for Holland's beauties of Buck! this will do freind Daniels.
I'll be bound she's a good Catholic, for here's an order for all my Saints and Angels I shall touch Sixty at least.
Jenkins's Fancy Magazine Strand
Talk of Touching? Im the Man for that my Boys, see here's a load of Jenkins's fine Print and Lilliputian Collection.
Shakespeare
Milton
This is a devilsh *BRACKETED* sweating Job from Cheapside in the middle of the day, however II'll *BRACKETED* persuade her to have our Hogarth and our Blind Fidler & Nelson & a few more.
Poor Puggy! here's a pretty little Coffin for you, I have brought some silk gloves. I dare say her Ladyship forgot them in the order.
Hans Place
Lo! in his wrath George Purdon-Drew His fighting Sword, and swore  OPEN>> By this hand, which many a Frenchman slew,  OPEN>> And by my hard earn'd Laurels too
I'll run you Mister Jocus thro
If you bark any more
List of the New Ministry Duk ...
Approach my Lords & Gentlemen & Kiss my Hand -
as for You my Lords & Gentlemen you may Kiss -  OPEN>> . Grenville scurries es off stooping, his peer's mantle looped over his arm, leaving coat-tails and posteriors exposed; he says:  OPEN>> This comes of getting into bad Company.
I thought we should have cramed it down his throat.
Aye Aye the Doctor *BRACKETED* advised him not to swallow it.
Coronation Oath
G III R
A Fish pond for Frenchmen
Monsieur be pleas'd to accept the frogs I just have killed them in the Bogs.
I give you thanks my good Ally, Some will make Soup the rest a Fry.
O Britons be wise And part these Allies, Or drive them both into the Bogs; I think it is fit They both should submit To Old England, or live upon Frogs.
Morning Chronicle
Alderman Wood
Sherry
The folly of this Island! They say there's but five upon this Isle- we are three of them; if the other two be brain'd like us the state totters.
This will I tell my Master
Je Crains Citoyens de vous enuier par le recit de mes Victoires Dumourier
Anvers
Bruxelles
Louvain
Klundert
Breda
Gertruidenberg
ah Ca ira Ca ira
la *BRACKETED* seringue De Clerfait
Pilulles Purgatives pour les Salsaottes *BRACKETED* francais
la vraie Liberie Morte
Evacuation of holland and Brabant or Evacuation de la hollande et du Brabant
Charity covers a multitude of Sins. The *BRACKETED* balloon is inscribed  OPEN>> Every thing must rise
pigeonholes
Scourge
Charles Ist
I am not sure that this is blood. I never before saw the head of a decapitated Monarch, but if Fortune should favor my professional researches / I will leave to posterity a criterion to ascertain beyond the possibility of a doubt whether this be blood or not.
Let the tomb have its due talk not to me of —igns & dec—on *BRACKETED* bury reflection with the dead—hide—hide, from my eyes the fearful sight!—
History of England—Henry VIII
Turn your eyes this way my P— let them dwell upon a Soverign *BRACKETED* of another class upon him who never spared man in his hate or woman in his lust
H . . .ry V . . . III
There's a beard Theres Whiskers red like my own! faith I never knew I had any thing half so regal in me—curse Junot & my rib—d—n the Cossack & his pike *BRACKETED* red Wigs & Whiskers will now be all the go.
The People I've Tax'd till with rage now they burn And they've Curst my poor guts, now I find in return.
I wish Doctor Stewart was here once again, His Pills I am Sure would relieve all my Pain.
Dr. Stewart
Millier
Mansfeild
O! my Guts! what a Twitcher! - in life I've no Ray For my Soul to Old-nick is now Fleeting away.
twitcher
Pleasures of Love
My Purging at Minden I'd almost forgot, But this Griping - has tied all my Gutts in a knot.
Come Parson for thou! art my best Child of all, Assist, or your Brothers, will purge till they fall.
Morning Post
I'm Grip'd 'till I'm ready to give up the Ghost, Yet I'll Strain! all I can in the fam'd Morning Post.
To see such Great Men! their faces thus screw, Is a terrible Sight: - if the Picture is true; For it wants, you'll allow, but a small penetration, To find out that these, are the Heads of the Nation, But we guess who has Serv'd them this D--m'd stinking trick When amongst them you see their adviser Old-nick; O! who but must Pitty the case of Great Britain When its Ministers purge thus,- that must be beshitten.
"Holloa, you, Sir! keep off the Grass
Leave but a Kiss within the Cup, And I'll not look for Wine
Satirist
love-feast
fat mid-wife
Huntington rescued from the Attack of the Satirist
Warrant f Bastardy
Bank of Faith this Lucrative Concern to be Disposed of the Present Proprietor retiring from Trade
England Scotland Ireland
First Lord, Chancellor, Constable, Warden, Keeper, Admiral, Commissioner, Master, Governor, High Steward, Places, Pensions, Sinecures, Reversions, Hereditaments, Expectations &c, &c, &c.
Holland
Dormont
Droll
Here I stand afresh proof of our Managers Meanness Not a Rag to my back like the Medici's Venus At their second hand Wardrobe I turn up my Nose By the Lord I wont act till they find me new Cloaths.
O fye ye Linleys curse your niggard Hearts Why won't you let Miss Farren dress her Parts Were I of Drury's property the Sovereign, I'd give the lovely Maid a choice of Covering
Take off the largest dishes, and set them on with one hand, to shew the ladies your vigour and strength of back, but always do it between two ladies, that if the dish happens to slip, the soup or sauce may fall on their cloaths, and not daub the floor, by this practice, two of our brethren, my worthy friends, got considerable fortunes. . . . When you carry up a dish of meat, dip your fingers in the sauce, or lick it with your tongue, to try whether it be good, and fit for your masters table - .
Royal George
Give me dear woman - and give me good wine - and you may govern all things else as thine
Ich dien
Butt
P. of W
Taffy - when the Island's ours - my brave Boy - I - I'll be King - and you shall be Viceroy
Compass
My Jove, Pll lick your shoes & obey your nod, And his, for sure he's Bacchus, the bloated God.
Anti-Jacobin Review and Magazine
New Morality
-  OPEN>> behold!  OPEN>> The Directorial Lama, Sovereign Priest -  OPEN>> Lepaux - whom Atheists worship - at whose nod  OPEN>> Bow their meek heads - the Men without a God!
In puffing and in spouting, praise Lepaux! - Vide Anti-Jacobin
Buonaparte's victor fleet
The holy Hunch-back in thy Dome, St Paul
wave their Red Caps
Religion de la N *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , his right forefinger raised admonishingly. He is surrounded by four hideous, subhuman creatures, two with short tails, who, as news-boys, cry their respective papers: one has the  OPEN>> Morning Post - Forgeri L'Eclair
Puf
Puff
Puf
Morning Chronicle
Lies
Blasphemy
Sedition
Courier
French Paper
vis-à-vis
Star
Bloody News
"Couriers and Stars, Sedition's Evening Host,  OPEN>> Thou Morning Chronicle, and Morning Post,
Justice
Philanthropy
Sensibility
Egalite
Europe
Asia
Africa
Ties of Nature and Amor Patriae.
Sweet Sensibility
Voltaire
Robertspierre
Mireabeau
Common Prayer
Holy Bible
pour les Commodites
Philanthropic Requisition
Cornucopia of Ignorance
Southeys Saphics
Joan of Arc
Coleridge Dactylic *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Two little ragged men *BRACKETED* support the cornucopia, convolutions of which are inscribed  OPEN>> Critical Review
Monthly Review
Analytical Review
Blank Verse by Todd & Frog *BRACKETED* . They are the  OPEN>> five other wandering bards
C------dge and S--th--y, L------d and L------b and Co
Relief for Irish Philanthropists
Zoonomia or Jacobin Plants
Anti-Jacobin
his  OPEN>> Zoonomia; or, the Laws of Organic Life
Inflam *BRACKETED* Air
Priestley's Political Sermons
Wakefields answer to Llanda *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . In his  OPEN>> Reply . . .
Address . . .
Envy \\ Lies \\ Wilful Perversi *BRACKETED* \\ Abuse \\ Ignorance
Letter to Peers of Scotland
Curwens Speech
The Question
The Enquirer
Wrongs of Women
Mrs Godwin Memoir
Tarltons Principl *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ;  OPEN>> Monthly Magazine
Tookes Speeches
Kingsbury rep *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* ;  OPEN>> Walsingham
Lauderdale on Finance
Knave or not
Letter to Bishops
Young Philosoph *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* ;  OPEN>> Councel Mc Fungus Speech
Bob Adair's half Letter
Morris's Bawdy Songs
Monroe's Justification
Original Letters *BRACKETED* to Dr Priestley in America, Taken on Board a neutral Vessel
Anti-Jacobin Review
Monthly Magazine
Pacification
Thou in whose nose by Burke's gigantic hand \\  OPEN>> The hook was fix'd to drag thee to the land, an allusion to the letter to a Noble Lord
Thelwalls Lectures
Tierney's Address
Nicols Speec *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . In the water swims Erskine, pen in hand, holding  OPEN>> Causes of the War 132d Edit
Whitbreads intire
the yeasty main
Whig Toasts & Sentiments
Glorious Acquittal O'Conner *BRACKETED* dedicated to Lady Ox------d
Coco's Address to the Electors] of Middlesex
Stolen Jests upon Religion
wallowing in the Yeasty main
Paines Defence of the 18 Fructidor
Letter from an Acquitted Felon
Letter to the Right Hon. W. Windham on the intemperance and dangerous tendency of his public conduct
Political Justice
Williams's Atheistical Lectures
La Théophilanthropie et le Culte décadaire
Town Talk
Down with your Colours you Swabs, down with your Stripes or D— me we'll Stripe you!
Stand clear Messmate whilst I heave a few of these Lubberly Yankee Doodles overboard.
Go along d—n you don't you see they are waiting Dinner for you.
Friends I think you hah *BRACKETED* better come & sit down for if we wait till the Chesapeake comes back I am afraid the Dinner will get Cold.
Why I dont think they will want much dinner for they seem to have got their Belly full.
. . . His auditors were not numerous and his pence still less. . . . *BRACKETED* modes no doubt, were different; their motives the same.
Edinbro
London
To Be Sold
Sold
To be Sold
Horse's To be had Cheap
This Gate to be Sold
The bare backs retreating
auld Reekie as she is
No Gowns
a Pledge
Thrown out Ist Dock Bill City Improvements Minority with Deacons Leets—a Trades Counselor & Orator Lost
Provost's Man or Master of the Rolls
Inconstan *BRACKETED* —Two Strings to your Bow—The Wedding Day—In which Miss F------will sing Nobody comeing to Marry me!!! a new Farce call'd Innocenc *BRACKETED* & Impudence in which Miss F------ will appear.
Brilliant
Mechanics Plate
Colliers Plate
Hume
Bread and Water too good fare for Vagrants and Evidences.
Take them up! send them to the Bastile Flog them! starve them out -  OPEN>> . Aris says:  OPEN>> Aye only bring some of those Middlesex Electors to me & I'll warrant You I'll tame them they shall Hollow for Bread if they are able to Hollow at all, You'l support me w'ont you my Friend Inside.
No Bastile, no tortures, no Cruelty and no starvation, dont pretend to defend cruelty and then Sculk away when put to the test
Let them fight I'll sack the chink
Dollors
Scourge
Avarice—Treason
Impudence Apostacy
Restrictions
Catholic Emancipation
Infallible Panacea—Reform
Whitbreads intire
Drury Lane Promises, Old Drury Promises
Token of English Credulity
State Box
Corruption
Reform
Abuses
Catholic Bill
16000 Sinecure
Modesty
Cloak of Patriotism
Opposition
Bow woo woo woo
Stephens's Inflamable
Here goes! for a Complete blow up.
Compassion for the Irish
The Public is most respectfully inform'd—in consequence of the number of Pirated Copies selling with the Signature of P. Pry, the Artist will for the future insert his real name William Heath, to all his Caricatures & that Thomas McLean 26 Haymarket is the only Publisher of his Works, it is ernestly requested purchasers will look for the names of the Artist & Publisher—without, none can be Original
Stool of Repentance
Hot Water
Sea of Troubles
Allied Strait Waist-coat
Invasion of France
cit
Russia Hemp
I have found, a constant application of this Russian Knout to work Wonders!!
Work away my Masters I'll pay you your fees ay ay rave & rant Master Boney but the Devil will Bone you at last.
Orange
Dutch Drops
Orange Boven
We'll try what Dutch Drops will do!
Spanish Flies
Here is a Plaster of Spanish flies for his - .
Crown Bowl
I think my Crown Razors have shaved his Crown pretty close.
Best Crown Steel
Moscow
Hence with your Medecines—they but drive me Mad— Curse on your Dutch Drops your Leipsic Blister *BRACKETED* & your Spanish flies they have fretted me to what I am D—n your Cossack Lancets They have drained my veins and rendered me poor & vulnerable indeed!—Oh! how I am fallen—But I will still struggle—I will still be great—Myriads of Frenchmen still shall uphold the glory of my Name the Granduer *BRACKETED* of my Throne & write my disgrace in the hearts of ye—ye Wretched creatures of English Gold!
By gar de grande Bounaparte get into de hot water at last, he no like his Doctors—by gar he say they be no doctors, but de journeymen of dat great Doctor John Bull.
Allied Medecine Chest
Surgical Instruments
snow balls
Cossack Leeches
P.P.
chapeau bras
My Uncles
Reflection
100 Sovereign remedies for cureing wounded reputations!
Gall
Pickle
Will this add to thy reputation? Cooper: Give me thy gold—if thou hast any Gold | For I have bought it with an hundred blows—Shak
Some of Astley's performers coming on like Generals, up to their necks in blood
the Genius of Theatricals
Ah! my good friend Mr Kemble how do you do? Mrs Siddons- I am happy to see you - mercy on me what Enchantment have I been under!! is that the Pigmy I was so much attach'd to! why he appears now no bigger than a pinshead!! and I declare I thought him as tall as the Monument!!
List of Infant Prodigies Roci . . Mudie
Childrens Friend
History of Miss Mudie
Meteor
To Brighton
For pleas
Votes by Female Influence 3000
Votes from Dukes Place &c. 2000
He he he he
Scrutiny Rock
To West------r
Love Honor and OBEY
By the Kings Patent Petruchios Family Bedstead for tameing a Shrew, also his patent gags and . . .
Nuptial Dialogues on Various Subjects
Rule a Wife and Have a Wife
The Whole Duty of Woman
Let us support the poor Dutch!
Stadt House
Texel
Now, I am an Absolute Monarch
Good Hope
Java
Saba
Eustatia
Curac
Bonaire
Coruba
St Martins
Surinam
Friesland
Groningen
Overyisel
Ceylon
Utrecht
Zalper
Holland
Molucca Islands
Guelderland
Zeeland
Rotterda *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , and  OPEN>> Hague
the haberdasher
poor author
Adma—y
List of Ships taken by the Americans
Liverpool Petition
Glasgow Petition
We humbly pray that you will let loose a few of those Bull dogs to protect our property from those American Curs who are Robbing us every day before our faces & as it is you alone who can put a stop to their career & save us from Ruin: we hope our prayers will be attended to.
What the Devil are you Croaking about?!!! Why they have only taken 840 vessels lately & what is that, to such a great nation as this!
Taken last night 14 vessels this morng 20 vessels by ye Americans
Shannon & Chesapeak
Glorious 1st of June
Nile
Trafalgar
Good Merchants do not weep we are not dead but fast asleep.
Awake! Arise! or be for ever fallen.
See what they do! even in the Chaps of the Channel!!! Why! bye & bye they will be coming up the River: & taking all our Wherries & Funnies!!!
Faith if they do that will be Wherry Funny indeed.
Crow *BRACKETED* nchor
I say don't Arm - don't enter into the Volunteer Corps, dont support the Minister, dont oppose the French - but you Sailors all demand to be Captains, You Soldiers to be Colonels, you people to be Baronets in short now is your time to insist upon every thing your hearts can wish, and then -  OPEN>>  The audience, who stand directed to the right. as if suddenly checked in walking along the street, are contemptuous; only two face the window: one, clutching the railings, says:  OPEN>> Why then the Rascally French will be here, and we shall have nothing left to Ask for.
There's a pretty Fellow for a Member.
I suppose he wants to go partners with Boney
so he should, if I had my will & he should have more kicks than halfpence.
God save the King
Sink him
No wonder, when he was Despards Friend.
Down with him
£50,000
a resolution, For the speedy dissolution
keeping the wavering wheel of war in a continued motion
Now the Englishman is shifting a little, the reason being that the Frenchman, American, and Spaniard have had abundant dealings with him and to profit by some good blows from the Englishman *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> would you fight against an Englishman? Then you deceive yourself, we might yet rule over the whole world, therefore it is the same thing if we have friends or foes
young, lusty Dutchman
a prudent statesman
If you my lord consider me as not damaged in my honour and property, I shall one day see if I am always to be opposed by you. Be sure that my patience is coming to an end, and however haughty you may be, you should know that no-one can hold out against superior numbers, and you will certainly repent of it in the end. I put it to you once more . . .
prudent statesman
Calmly, calmly, Brother, and cease to ask vainly for restitution or to deliver memorials; will you secure restitution, then arm yourself and make good preparations. I have left no stone unturned to get their High Mightinesses *BRACKETED* to face the danger but in vain. They may be English, but let us show that we are Dutchmen.
See those mad heretics making havoc, it is intolerable! Oh Roman Powers! Is that doing your duty ? Punish such sacrilegious persons, or what will be the end?
Protestant calming the monk
Do not make so much noise my friend. I feel ashamed myself over the shamefulness of these doings. But these fellows did not respect their own king, but cut off his head, shall they then respect their fellow-citizens and not do violence to them. They are only fanatical and rebellious persons and for such scum one cannot venture; moreover we shall soon see what a glorious reward they will receive
Stultifera Navis . . . the Modern Ship of Fools
Portico of Folly
Veluti in Speculum
cit
Wisdom
Wisdom crieth out in the Streets but no one regardeth her.
Very Frères
N° 1
N° 2
Ché crois que le digestion il se fait........
Ché nai havé hété chamois pas dans in Pareille bonne viande!!!!!
O what a smash among my Bottles and Preparations! never did I suppose that such a day could come
My wife risen again! - that's one Rib more than I wish'd to find
What this! arrah be easy my Dear Devil burn me if it be not my own I know it by the lump on the Shin here
Damn me Sir that's my Legg
Where's my Head
Restore to me my Virgin-honor did I keep it inviolated 75 Years to have it corked up at last
Prodigously oblig'd to you Sweet Sir
My dear Madam I hope you are well I am over-joyed to see you
Lack a day
Squire, called away on business, sent a message to his wife by his servant, ordering her to stay at home,  OPEN>> Nor see the Captain till I come
Sir, had I charg'd her in your name, To shun the Captain e'er you came, Doubtless the case had been the same; Her forehead broke - your brow secures, Or else the knobs had been on your's
muscular exercises
Buzaglo
Patent Muscular Health-restoring Exercise. I. It takes off within the hour all Pains from the Shoulders, Elbows, Sides, Back, Knees, Calves & Ancles. II. It radically cures the Cramp, dissipates callous Swellings round the Knees & Ancles originating from the Gout. III. It restores wasted Calves to their former state of fullness of Flesh. IV. It greatly facilitates the Discharge of the Gravel
The Ballance of Power
The Sword of Justice
No one injures me with impunity
My Ingratitude is Justly punished
Myneer assist or we are ruin'd
Rodney has ruined our Fleet
I'll do any thing for Money
Ill got wealth
St Eustatia Saba St Martin
Demerary Issequibo
America, dup'd by a treacherous train, Now finds she's a Tool both to France and to Spain; Yet all three united can't weigh down the Scale: So the Dutchman jumps in with the hope to prevail. Yet Britain will boldly their efforts withstand, And bravely defy them by Sea and by Land: The Frenchman She'll Drub, and the Spaniard She'll Beat While the Dutchman She'll Ruin by Seizing his Fleet: Th
The Four Evangelists
Swearing at the Old Bailey to Mr J. Beck having Robbed her in Kensington Garden of which charge he was honorably acquitted - multitudes of Witnesses appearing to prove her having made similar Charges against them, in order to extort Money.
Vite Caches-toi les voici
ah! je suis perdu!
Liberté des Mers
Vaincre ou céder
Satirist
Rhine
Moscow
Sweden
Bavaria
Legion of Honor
Katzbach
Partha
Leipsic
Prague
Pièce féerie avec changemens à vue, évolutions militaires, marches, contre-marches, fuite, emprisonnement &c &c
Orgue de Barbarie
Nicolas ô mon roi, L'Univers t'abandonne Sur la terre il n'est que moi Qui s'interesse à ta personne
Airs: / De la Marseilloise / Ah! ça ira, ça ira / Veillons au salut de l'Empire / La Lyonnaise
Pour que je règne encore achéve mon ouvrage, fait *BRACKETED* périr le reste des humains excepté moi.
Ambition
Ils sont passés ces jours de fêtes Ils sont passés il *BRACKETED* ne reviendront plus.
Il Est Un Dieu Vengeur.
Speak but three at a time
Kick them from their Studs
Liberty & more Corn
Constitutional opposition
Entertainment for Men & Horses
The Military Adventures of / Johnny Newcome, / with an Account of his / Campaigns in the Peninsular and in / Pall Mall: with / Sketches by Rowlandson; and Notes. /...By an Officer *BRACKETED* . / London: / Printed for Patrick Martin, 198, Oxford-Street, / . . . / 1815
Dam'me I had rather Baste the Dons
You are invited to DINE on board the Queen with L------d Howe
The Gallant Rodney invites to Fight
You cut & dine with me to day
Give me the smell of Powder
George and Charlotte
Queen Elizabeth
Rumor of War or Modern Smoake Jack
O the Roast Beef
Rule Britannia, rule the Roast
Song in praise of the Gallant Rodney
Spanish Rupture
A Sop in the Pan for the Army bred first Lord *BRACKETED* and his Naval Nurses
Lord! How *BRACKETED* the Holiday Admiral lives in Port!
In commemoration of the Spirited negotiation confining the Brave Officers to Eating and Drinking
Profound Peace again!!!
At 8 o'clock A.M. orders were given to prepare for Action - the first Rates to range in three Divisions - all hands aboard the Turbot, of the Dutch Squadron, made ready for a fine kettle of Fish - and a good basting being expected from the British, a hot fire was kept up for more than 2 hours - when at 4 o'clock P.M. the Turkey, properly seasoned, prepared and trimed, lead the Van on the Starboard tack, followed by the rest in her wake - Turtle, finely Coppered, and provided with hot Balls, bringing up the Rear, at which time the Admiral bore down with well directed fury on the Sirloin, and the several Officers, observing this excellent Commanders new Signals, with great Spirit Cut, Slashed and Fired away, both Starboard and Larboard, and raked fore and aft, till they effectually cleared the several Deckers - The killed and wounded in the above attacks are said to amount to more than 1000 Oxen, Sheep, Deer, Turkies, Geese, Ducks, Fowls, et ceteras - attended with a discharge of several Vessels of hot Balls and at least 10 Tun of Grape shot - on the above occasion, Lord H---d's nose was terribly disfigured, with a discharge of the aforesaid shot - a Dutch Officer Sunk with taking, too muck *BRACKETED* Ballast - and Capt'n Grog, being damaged in the head, and top-heavy, shewed his keel and discovered a foul bottom - but the worst was the Dons being disposed to drink with us, the Valiant Duke and the several Crews were devilish Sick they could not partake of something better than a mock engagement
Lost supposed to have been Stolen a Sow and Seven Pigs Whoever gives Information Five Pound Reward.
crying the streets
Private Plunderfor the Directors
America will not have her rights infringed on
We infringe - Dat be ver good! Indeed Madame Amerique you be ver pretty Woman and we should like to give you the hug Fraternale *BRACKETED* , Begar we do not want to quarrel with you, as a proof, my Brothers the grand Directeur's are at this moment take all de Care possible of your Baggage - derefore if you vil go back and bring littel more of de l'Argent you shall be admit to de honor of de sitting, we only ask de favor we never sieze on property.
Pensilvania
Philadelphia
New York
By gar some of dese fedders vil look vel in de caps of us Legislateurs.
National Sack
Diplomatic perquisites
French Argument
Oui Oui Madame Amerique dis Argument vil convince you dat all he says be true.
Borrow'd pr Force from Switzerland
Extorted from Portugal
Shakespeare's Cliff
they'll certainly pluck her to the last feather
aye they left me nothing but my prayer book and Crown, and stripd that of its jewels
Yaw Mynheer we have been great dupes and there sits John Bull on his Rock laughing at us
yes we know how things will go by Experience
Flambeau de Promethée
Gloire
Mont St Jean
Sur un rocher brûlant, Promethée étendu Repaît de son flanc noir un Vautour assidu
What! What! looking for Grain, eh! looking for grain; it's all gone, all gone all gone, quite Empty.
Why, these Hungry Rats thought to have had some fine pickings, I warrant, but egad they'll he woundedly mistaken, tho'f they seem to want it nationly; but that dom'd Scotchman *BRACKETED* carried off a rare lot of it & as to poor Billy the Butler *BRACKETED* why he was so fond of a drop of Black Snap, *BRACKETED* that when he and his friends, not at it, d'ye see, the rest of the Servants did as they pleased, poor Rogues I'se afraid they'll Undermine the Barn they're so main Hungry.
Treasury
Why I suppose the Old Rat Died because there was nothing to feed upon.
*BRACKETED* reasury
*BRACKETED* reasury
Elizabeth
The Wit's Magazine
Slaveys
If to punish prophaneness, they dare to neglect
Hiss
poor little Michee! - just Mounting! - & then Funk'd & Frighten'd out of all his Hopes
Amor Patriae
. . . Succession
Field *BRACKETED* l
Duke of Saxe
G *BRACKETED* man *BRACKETED* age
Magna Charta
Heart *BRACKETED* Oak
Supplies for Contingencies
£60,000
I told you she'd outweigh you, and if these eight bottles won't bring you to a balance I can do no more, they have overbalanced me sometimes!
I question wether a Crown bowl of Punch would mak any difference.
P P.
Never mind my dear! here's a Knight at my right hand and my switch will bring the balance in your favour again.
Sir Loin
This Thank you Johnny *BRACKETED* I know you'll always be ready, but this only a trial, and I shall get heavier in time you *BRACKETED* . so I'll let him down before he is giddy!
I give up & acknowledge your superior weight of metal, there's the sausage falling off! now I shall lose weight!!
The tight little Island
The Days of Queen Bess
The Brittania the Pride of the Sea
The Military Adventures of / Johnny Newcome, / with an Account of his / Campaigns in the Peninsular and in / Pall Mall: with / Sketches by Rowlandson; and Notes. /...By an Officer *BRACKETED* . / London: / Printed for Patrick Martin, 198, Oxford-Street, / . . . / 1815
cit
Anodyne
Sung with unbounded Applause by Mr. Emery, at the Harmonic and other Societies
Will & Power
By Gar so we will serve all de Generals who do not conquer de whole World, and give them de Libertè
Pardon me Heaven for having been leagued with such a set of Blood hounds
Let us Pray
Go to de diable & Your Prayers both
Begar I will have a Drink of de blood.
The Old Flask
Search Court and City, Town and Country round, Two such Beauties scarce are to be found
A Knowing-One his Horses put In Stable snug 'till time of Sale, Their Coats well curry'd, Trimmed & cut And nicely dress'd each Mane and Tail But some vile Rogue, just ripe for Jail Stole unobserv'd into the Stable And cutting off each Horse's Tail Decamp  OPEN>> d as fast as he was able;  OPEN>> What shall I do
Sell them Wholesale,
O------ *BRACKETED* beware of this tremendous Hat and Arm, For should we by chance to meet it would me Harm. For tho I to the World a poli------n now Appear. Yet d-----n me but to my Angelic Wh------e am sincere
Little hope is now entertaind of the recovery of the Giraffe—since the last attack he is unable to rise without the assistance of Slings—every attention is paid him but tis fear'd without effect—Morning papers.
I supose we shall have to pay for stuffing him next
Mr. Richardson
The Sweetest hours that  OPEN>> ere I spent, it was among The Lasses O! Other ladies eagerly wait their turn. One, behind the King, covers her face with her fan. Curtis, grotesquely obese, and directed to the left, capers, snapping his fingers. He wears a turtle in place of sporran, and in his belt are knife, fork, and ladle. Round his neck is a double chain of sausages. He sings:  OPEN>> Georgie loves good ale & wine And Geordie loves good Brandy And Geordie loves to Kiss all the Girls As sweet as Sugar Candy
Kilts and Philibegs!! - The Northern excursion of Geordie, Emperor of Gotham: and Sir Willie Curt-his, the Court Buffoon, &c. &c
Keep your Eye upon the Corporal Mr Honesty and when I have drilled you to my likeing perhaps I may take you under my command Mr Honesty
I do I do great Colonel I shall mind my Manoeuvres Great Colonel.
loaf
Imperial Tokay
Help yourself Doctor *BRACKETED* there is every thing you can wish for on the Side Board
They are indeed very inviting I cannot help turning a Side-mouth to them.
Zounds that Fellow will get all the Pickings
Vive la Republique! que tous les Tyrans mordent la poussière! - Point de Religion
Eight.
L. XVIII
XVIII!!!
A
B
S
Ds of O
Bon Ton Magazine
To Oatlands
Windsor
This Hobby Horse has just come in the nick of time, I shall be able to visit my Old dad at little expence— as for John Bull growling at my taking the money—he may be—.
The March to Finchley
You mun know Sir I have an idera *BRACKETED* of being made a member of Parlymint, so I wants to larn a little Horotry
Depend upon it Mon while ye hae such a t'wang *BRACKETED* with you—you'l nere proo-noonce the angligh *BRACKETED* tongue as I do, wi awe purity
As I am shortly to have a company—I want to know something about my Exercise
I'll soon set your eminence to rights in that respect, but I think your honor had better first take a little practice, as a Grenadier in the prussian service
Sir as I am about to enter into Orders I wish to have a few lessons on the graces of the Pulpit
Depend upon it I will make you perfect from the unfolding a white cambric, to the display of a diamond ring
As I expect to be immediatly to be *BRACKETED* call'd to the Bar—I have waited on you Mr Sarjant O Brief, for a little instruction in the first rudiments of Law
Upon my conscience Honey you could not come to a better parson I'll tache you to Bodder-em
You must know Sir I keeps a little Potticarys shop in our willage—but does not know how to make up the stuffs, I gives one thing for another, so hearing you be dead hands at Physic here in Lunon I be come to ax your advice
Never fear I'll put you in the right way your patients shall never complain
Register for *BRACKETED* ces: My Feather saw your Advartisement about pleaces—and has sent me up to you to provide for, as to my sen—I should like to be a Butcher has I always had a turn to somat genteel
You have only a shilling to pay Sir, call again in a day or two and you may depend upon something in the genteel line that will suit you
Consular Cakes and Triumvirate Gingerbread Smoking hot from Paris
My dear Friend - I understand you are Captain of this here ship - and they says a how the Enemy, is in sight - now could not you put the ship a little on one side, and not be too ventersome - its the best way to be a little cautious - I am but a poor weaver - but however life is sweet.
Why you paltry land Lubber do you want me to run away? - but however I never bear malice so I'll give you a little Comfort - before I would strike to an Enemy d'ye see - I would blow the vessel up in the air - So before you could turn a chaw of tobacco you would be out of your misery.
Magna Charta
Rule Britania Britania Rule the Waves For Britains never Shall be Slaves
I will ever Maintain the Rights of the People In Parliament, for it is that Parliament only that Can keep Us from Slavery and Oppression.
By the K------s Letters Patent P------s *BRACKETED* New Invented Fetters after the French Fashion
Slavery
Crocodiles Tears; or, Bonaparte's Lamentation, A new Song
Elba
Continent of Europe
rooks
My Lord
God I thank thee thou hast delivered them into my hands.
fools
Halloo! Hallo! Tally O! Tally O!
Mercy, Gramercy, I promise to pay
Promise no more but pay to day
My Lord Protecto *BRACKETED* I have brought fivety load to market, I claim the Premium!
My Lord it's mine, I have brought three times as much, the premium's mine.
You precious Rogue in Grain! you shall be paid the money, and as I think it is not sufficient, I will give you a halter into the bargain—Hangman do your duty!
If your Highness thinks proper both gentlemen may be rewarded, I have plenty of rope!
We are petty Rogues we should never be able to claim the premium!
But then we escape the rope.
I'll go and sell my Corn at a fair price—its time to be honest I find.
Why Neighbour it appears to be a hanging Markett to day is the Protector come to purchase.
No Monopoly! the Protector for Ever! Huzza.
By unjust dealing and Monopoly during the Protectorate, a pretended scarcity haveing taken place in a plentifull year and Oliver Cromwell knowing there was a great quantity of grain in the Country, took the following method to find out and punish the rogues in Grain; He advertised £1000, as a premium to him who brought the greatest quantity of corn to market on a certain day—immense quantities were produced, but one man above all produced more than the rest—Oliver paid him down the money, telling him he woul *BRACKETED* give him a halter into the bargain, ordered the Monopolizer to be hanged—Dedicated to the late & present Lord Mayors, Schooly & Domvile Novr 9 1813
Vryheid
Voorzichtigheid
Lankmoedigheit
Heerschzucht
Dapperheid
Wysheid
Sterkte
Hoop
Standvastigheit
Armoede
Onbedachtzaamheid
Roofzucht
Traktaat Cromwell
Dankbaarheid
Gewapende neutraliteyt
Libe *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The placard on the house is  OPEN>> Mr Bull removd by the Collectors Out of Doors
Free discussion
Tampering at Elections
and to the Female Reformers of Manchester and the adjacent Towns who were exposed to and suffered from the Wanton and Furious Attack made on them by that British Armed Force the Manchester and Cheshire Yeomanry Cavalry
Manchester Female Reform
Coruption
Liberty or Death
Universal Civil and Religious Liberty
Vaudeville
Pot-pourri dramatique
No 1. Pitt-Renard
1st Or écoutez grands et petits, . . . Si la france n'a le dessous, Vous serez découronnés tous. 2 Ne comptez plus sur les combats; Vos Generaux et vos soldats Ne font contre la carmagnole Rien qu'une défense frivole: Or les gens qu'on ne peut dompter Je crois qu'ilfaut les acheter.
No 2. Georges-Dindon
Achetter tout à prix d'argent Alliés et marine, Charète, Hebert, mon Parlement, Tout cela me ruine Vous m'avez fait perdre l'esprit Dans ce remu-menage, Prenez donc garde, Monsieur Pitt De renverser ma cage.
No 3. Francois-Autruche
Ah! Georges, pour nous remplumer, Faisons des emprunts de commande, Car ces francais me font trembler Pour la Belgique et la Hollande: Craignons que, si la liberté Gagne l'un et l'autre hémisphère, Le sceptre ne nous soit oté Vous pour la mer, moi pour la terre.
N° 4. L'Imperatrice de Russie allaitant les deux freres du tyran Capet. *BRACKETED* N° 4. Catherine-Laye. Je compte peu sur vos succés Et vous ne me verrez jamais Vous aider qu'en promesse. A tromper hiboux et dindons, . . . Epuisez vous dans le Brabant Et vous m'assurerez d'autant Du grand croissant Le sceptre attrayant Qui m'occupe sans cesse.
N° 5. Stathouder
N° 5. Orange-Crapaud: Un peu trop au frais Dans mes grands marais Je crains d'enfoncer, je tremble Guillaume accourez Et me secourez Pitt vous a payé je tremble . . . Car les Polonois De vous sont si près Que pour nos Etats je tremble.
N° 6 Roi de Prusse
Guillaume-Hibou
Si vous me connaissez bien, Frere, ne redoutez rien, Ma profonde politique Dans la nuit, surtout s'applique A calculer les hazards, . . .
N° 7. La Stathoudérienne-Chouette *BRACKETED* . Que vous devez être content Mon frère, voila de l'argent: Pitt se pavanne en le comptant, Voyez comme il roule, Devancez la foule Des rois mendians que l'on va voir Accourir pour en recevoir.
N° 8 Brunswick-Cochon. Avec Guillaume de Berlin J'ai fais une campagne, Tout exprès pour gouter le vin Des coteaux de Champagne. . .  OPEN>> . *BRACKETED* Betweens Nos. 2 and 3 sits a ram with long horns looking to the left. Beside him is a sceptre lying on two grenades. He is  OPEN>> N° 9. Roi d'Espagne, *BRACKETED* Charles-Belier: Voila donc ou nous mene La coalition! Servir l'ambition De Londres et de Vienne. . . . Je crains que l'inquisition, Malgré tant de contrition Ne me laisse . . . mes cornes . . .
N° 10. Roi de Naples
N° 11 Reine de Portugal
Ferdinand-Chien
Mon frere, helas! Entre le Vesuve et la guerre, Quel embarras! Vous m'avez jetté dans le laz, A ce tripot qu'avois-je à faire? Acton, ma femme ont fait l'affaire; Plaignez mon cas.
N° 11. Marie-Guenon *BRACKETED* . Je suis reine du Bresil Je vends du tabac en boutique. Pourquoi donc Pitt le subtil M'a t'il embrouillé dans ce fil Que met tant de rois en peril Contre une seule republique. . .  OPEN>> . Ferdinand perhaps addresses  OPEN>> N° 12. Roi de Sardaigne
Faites que je sois quelques choses Victor-Marmotte-Suaire.
Mes destinées Sont tristes, helas! Mes Etats Par les guinées Ne se sauvent pas Car les armées De nos ennemis Trop hardis Sont arrivées Sur le mont Cénis . . . Je vais donc faire Transporter enfin De Turin le Saint Suaire A Jerusalem.
N° 13 le Pape
Pie-ane
La liberté francaise Sur tous les Trones pese: *BRACKETED* Tous les peuples à l'aise Chantent l'alleluia ah ah! . . . Dialogue. Pie. Depuis qu'on fait la guerre Je vois que l'encens de la terre Vers nous ne fume guerre Franchement, rois unis Dites m'en voire avis.
Charles *BRACKETED* . Moi j'en suis peu surpris, Ces forbans d'angleterre Vrais auteurs de notre misere Sur mer, comme sur terre Chassés et poursuivis Par nos fiers ennemis, Ont reduit en taudis, Le tiers de l'hemisphere; Prenez donc bien vite saint pere, Prenez la clef de Pierre; Ouvrez nous paradis Pie C'est bien dit si je puis Mais je vous avertis Que j'ai la main peu sûre Pour bien enfiler la serrure; Mettez vous en posture D'implorer le très-haut *BRACKETED* Ciel ! que vois-je la haut? Ce sont, ou peu s'en faut Alpes, ou Pyrenées De Sans-Culottes couronnées Ah! sur nos destinées Le temps braudit sa faulx Fin.
Couplets des Sans-Culottes
Allons enfans de la Patrie. . .  OPEN>> . The fourth is:  OPEN>> Fleaux de la race humaine, Rois, vos soldats sont vaincus, La France républicaine Les met enfuite à Fleurus; L'Empereur perd son royaume, A Mons, Bruxelles et Louvain, Et le sceptre de Guillaume Va se perdre dans le rhin.
Weather-all Dealer in Boro's
I'll teach you to blow at my Lamps
The Political Lamp Lighter
might be called a kind of political lamplighter
Petition for Reform by the people of Kent approved by me Wind
Blood & ounce if we dont get a pretty fight out of these twelve letters we'll horse-wip some body
Seventy I's in twelve minutes have you used vile egotist
I have seen all your auditors asleep in less time
This day is published
Order
Read—go on
Go on
How dare you say that I am against the liberties of the People
No most illustrious, I only said no liberal measure ever met your approbation
Reform & Trade
Bustle Bustle Boys now's the time for a fair Trader no fear of being ruined by some monopolizing favorite behind the Curtain
Revolution & Trade
I can employ you no longer all my money's gone & nobody will speculate in such unquiet times
Reform & the Funds
Oh that I should have speculated on the Tory vapouring here—instead of funds being down, they're all up & I am oblige *BRACKETED* to waddle
there goes a lame Duck
Revolution & the Funds
Times
Going to receive your dividend oh stay where you are the provisional government have wiped it all off with a wet sponge
Reform & the Church
Stop Friend don't march off with all the good things Spare some for your working bretheren
Revolution & the Church
Mirabeau, Palmer *BRACKETED* , Pain *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . He says:  OPEN>> Oh most bright & glorious Goddess of Reason who leadest us into the divine mysteries of Liberty & equality, *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* . On the right a man violently swings a censer, exclaiming,  OPEN>> Here's a glorious Religion supercede the Christian superstitions
Age of Reason
Reform & the State
Behold One who learnt the lesson that Kings reign but for the good of their people, He reigns in the Hearts of his subject
Order
Revolution & the State
Don't tell me of Law & Legislation I am your Legislature
So you are Ned and I'm his executive
Orangeman of Galw *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , her stern being on the extreme right. She is placarded  OPEN>> for London direct with live & dead stock
Potatoes
It's starving we are
Stand off ye spalpeens can't we get 50 pr Cent more at other Markets for the prates, off ye unreasonable brutes dy ye expect his Lorship in London to give up his Champane & Burgandy to plase ye
Pestilence
Famine
Positively I did not think your Ladyship could have been so satirical
any thing in my way miss
Town Amusements
Scheme for finishing Carlton House
contract
Ich Dien
Motion for increase of Income
Fox. Sheridan & Pennylus. India Papers
Vol. cxii, Letters &c, India Papers, Private Correspondence
Delhi
To Battle Hastings
Brooks's hot-hell
In a Few Days will be performd a Comedy called Impeachment by a Ragged Company *BRACKETED* His Majestys Servants Principal Characters by Mr A. Mr C. Mr F. Mr B Mr D. Mr G.
N.B. the Proprietors *BRACKETED* Acct for Plate, Money, Iewels, Notes or Bonds
Mem: The Duke of Wellington the other night differed in opinion with the Lord Chancellor upon a point of law. & the result proved the Duke to be right & the Noble & learned Lord wrong! the inference drawn therefrom is evident
Motion Princess Wales Cock John
Oxford 18th Feb To my Secretary Mr Butt *BRACKETED* F. Burdett
Fleet Ditch
lame ducks
Consols
Omnium
Scrip
Kings Bench
Sinking Fund
Honor
J B
Ha! ha! Neck or Nothing.
Peep boo
Death of Bounaparte!!
H. Humbug & Co North Fleet
Dispatches
Charlemagne
Mais au moindre revers funeste, Le Masque tombe; l'homme reste Et le héros s'évanouit. Ode de J. B. Rousseau
Rowlandson
Tryal of. . . & . . . *BRACKETED* convicted of Perjury in the case of Captn Kimber
Rochesters Jests
Charity covereth a Multitude of Sins
Humanity a Masque
Mathematick
Ghost of Clarence
Defence of Orthodoxy, better late than never
Captn Kimber in the Cells of Newgate
Inkle & Yarico
Westminster Abbey
Kien Long Emperor
All Wrong! All Wrong! Sad dogs! Sad dogs!
T'was not my fault - thought I might trust an Old Friend
Did not bid him do it.
Wancantoo
Did not think there was any harm in it
Mancanfoo
Only did it in the way of business only got brokerage
We dont choose to let any of you see our Accounts
Walk in Gentlemen and Ladies - here is no deception. Just going to begin.
Prime Sherry Gratis - The Comedy of A New Way to Pay Old Debts *BRACKETED* - with the Publicans Friend.
In vino Veritas
The Genuine Booth - Two Strings to your Bow *BRACKETED* and a Trip to Down *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . His flag is inscribed  OPEN>> Down Down Hey Derry Down.
The Old Broad Bottomd Booth rather out of repair But Excellent Entertainment.
Catholic Emancipation
Treasury Soup Hot at all Hours
The Only True Constitutional Booth Persevere & Company
No Popery
Dont mind what the Broad Bottoms say good people - mine is the only treue constitutional Booth.
Magna Charta
A Collection of Sky Rockets Just arrived from Denmark very Curious.
Don't be afraid they won't hurt you.
Necessity has no Law.
To tell you the truth I don't admire Sky.
Portland Stone moveable Kitchen, a great Curiosity
Underneath to be seen the Bed of Roses
Who buys my rotten Burrows if I'd as much money as I could tell I never would cry rotten Burrows to sell.
What do you ax Master for a good snug thing in your way.
Who wants to buy any New Taxes
Dang it we have got enough of that Article
Places and Pensions at half Price
Snug Sinecures Dirt Cheap.
Any more Church livings than you make use of I'll buy them of you.
Delicate Consciences effectively cured - no cure no Pay.
O don't you think it a zoon-derfull Fair
What will they do to me, shall I keep quiet thus, under every sort of pressure; where are my old sea-heroes, my Witts, Brakels, Ruyters, and Tromps?
Keep still my beast, then everything will go well, we can no longer dictate the law to America, our work there was bungled, we shall now make the Netherlands dance to our piping. Should we not force them ? Oh yes, they will help us, we demand it, in a masterful tone. We, the English, speak and our word is law.
a covetous Dutch capitalist
despairing attitude
Will you refuse to help us ? No, you are pledged to give us aid, we are masters on the sea, we are monarchs! and we possess your gold, take care, take care to please us, we are cock of the walk. Will you contradict a Briton? His pride would not endure that!
Ah if our valuable treasure were not in England. What shall I do if we become involved in war with England? My gold will go! Then I must sell my goods and dismiss my servants. Oh, how unfortunate I am. High interest and good security have allured me, I see it now, but alas too late!
old Dutch hero
the hat of liberty on the spear of freedom
Where is the courage of old, money-grubbing Dutchman ? Is that faithful dealing with our Fatherland, that you for big profits give our money to that nation which had the law dictated to them by those laurelled heroes who show themselves there; had you used our gold for our Fatherland, and for the production of praiseworthy manufactures, arts, and armaments, then you would see our Fatherland flourish in spite of foreigners! Then you would see the Cromwellian yoke lifted from our necks by men of worth.
in an Henri IV costume
Mode de Paris
slaapkruit voor der Hollanders
Amsterdam en ome Haag se vrinden
To show my compliments and friendship, mixed with soft but sharp threats, and then my letter of safe-conduct! I shall shine in these fashion-loving Netherlands who are now echoing my opinion that however much one may flatter Dame Economy, she yet lacks that charm and attractiveness possessed by our Madame La Mode.
Strike I say! Will you defend yourselves against us ? You must see every thing in the proper light. Have you shot at the sloop, and that to defend the honour of your flag ? That you shall indeed smart for, you shall fear our complaints! We will break our treaties with you, merely from pride, however much we also groan under the burdens of the war, we are Britons.
I will strike the flag, in spite of my own courage and all noble Dutchmen. My orders, my orders I have followed, and I shall in time show that Holland still has heroes.
Alas, dear Fatherland! Where is your old heroism? Where is the glory of your free flag which we, with our wealth and blood, defended ? You still have friends, show that no Dutchman will let himself be wronged, famous Fatherland, consider the State.
a famous member of the Fatherland
We deal with the affair, according to our abilities at this time in which we live, oh true heroes of our Fatherland! Changes will occur, and something will happen in spite of those who hate us. We will no longer allow ourselves to be bullied, but will show ourselves not afraid of brutal demands or windy threats.
an English ship bringing in some Dutch merchant-ships. Look, it goes well, it is altogether ours, who will hinder us ? We act in an arbitrary manner, and care for nothing.
Long enough, presumptuous B . . . *BRACKETED* and complaisant F . . . *BRACKETED* . A great law-giver will change your opinions by the lightning of her face and statesmanship. Come, free Netherlands, see a protector in the greatest lady of Europe.
Smithfield
Bow! wow wow
While Canning, Robinson and Wallace, And Huskisson, so cold and callous, Break the old fetters of trafficking,— While Peel gives me the other licking, While Sir James *BRACKETED* spins his long orations, While Brougham expounds the law of nations,— I'll heed nor Adam Smith nor Vattel, But be the patron saint of cattle; I'LL see the brutes of England righted.
in this country at least, left nothing that can be done for two-legged existences . . .
Red Book for the . . .
Treasury
Pensions
Pensions 4000, 3000, 2.400
Teller o the Ex *BRACKETED* . . . 6000 4.000
Sinecu *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . He declaims:  OPEN>> I will not stop, - till I have cut out the accursed leaves of the Red Book!!!
Took's Improved Steel
Come Come my pupil goes on better than I expected - very indeed for a beginning yes - yes - he'll do after a little practice
Diversions of Purley
What the deuce is he at now! he will certainly get himself into some scrape or other.
return'd
returne'd
together
togather
What are you about? - Know nothing about the matter - . Pikes no such thing - Buried under ground - Pistols! - be quiet - Four thousand - Thirty Thousand? - not half the number! Don't strike so hard - Corresponding Society *BRACKETED* ? - Virtuous set of Gentlemen! - Delegates *BRACKETED* - False Alarm - Be easy - I'll tell you all - not a word of truth - Carbines - Bullets Oh dear - oh dear, he'll tell you the Rest
Reform
This Irish blaguard has Blinded me.
O D—n this Scotch Snuff.
O D—n the Batchelors.
There,! can you see how infamously I have been treated, now—now can you see what an injured man I am now can you see? can you see? now can you see?—why you are all blind!!!!! See! see now.
Kings Bench Walk
Wimbledon Common
Gazetteer
In honour of the approaching nuptials much wine was drank - and the young Minister was  OPEN>> praeter solitum levis
What will nobody kick the Minister's A------!
Southampton Frigate
Par nobile Fratrum
Ye Quakers of Wors'ter Farwell
Scotlands Opposition
To the K-----g
Scotland's Opposition to the Popish Bill
London Chronicle
Corr. of George III
My Flaming Virtues will recommend me
presented himself as a candidate
Last Journals
knives to grind
Law
I hope I sha'nt be allways Last
Conjunction of Talent
Romeo
Cock a Doodle Doo!
R C
Pure British
Patience Johnny
Come, Mr Bull, you are very plethoric—it is absolutely necessary that I phlebotomise you—you have a determination of blood to the head with strong symptoms of Choler!!!
Come, John, you must take this anodyne pill,—it will compose you  OPEN>> The ulcerous parts are only peel & skin I whilst deep corruption's mining all within
Musket Balls
Black Dose Bitters
Prescription Taxation Decline of Trade National debt Want of Free Trade &c &c &c &c
Injection of Injuries
Firing Irons
Pill Box
Lancet
Medecines Wise remedies Property Tax
Beggar's Opera: How Happy could I be with either \\ Was t'other dear Charmer away
Rival take care My Royal Fury shall be poured forth to tear thee Limb from Limb.
I'll bruise that face of Yours Untill I make a Curran Jelly on't.
Velno *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* ; he says:  OPEN>> Ah Boy, remember how I fell, You'll suffer by the self same Snare I'll take my Bible Oath.
Damn me, no jawing, you Rascal What, resist the Law! I'll cut you up like Pork if you stir!
Ah, Sacre Dieu! I did tink it vas all Dance in de land of Liberté!
So, you tell me, Sir Harry is likely to do my Master's business.
Mum, for your life, not a word about it - I say nothing, but I know what I know.
Cookey, you dance devilish well - I should like to run down a dance with you in the Temple of Hymen.
Lord love your heart, if you were to see John and I cut a caper in the Pantry, you'd be delighted.
Billy's too young to drive us, a New Song
Storming the Bastile
Bill of Rights
Magna Charta
Bankrupts
Gazette
Mr Bull
Mercy on us,
Taxes, Taxes
Kings Taxes
John England & Co
The Stock of this Shop Selling off under Commission of Bankruptcy
Medical Staff
N 1
What! take an Oath not to seek directly or indirectly the subversion of the Protestant Church! why this would be to abuse the Divine Command - If the Church of England trembles for its safety, it must seek it elsewhere We have no security to give. It shall fall, and nothing but the memory of the mischiefs it has created shall survive. Already the approaching marks of ruin are upon it! no Protestant Parliament over us.
2
O Dear Doctor you are letting the Cat out of the Bag Stop till we get Emancipation.
Alls
3
I wish the learned Doctor had kept the string of the Bag a little tighter and not let the Cat out untill we had obtained Catholic Emancipation but the Board will get the Cat into the Bag Again.
4
Oh Doctor the Cat is out of the Bag - you have ruined us. all's lost now the Orange men may rejoice indeed.
5
Derry Journal
I will at our next meeting, lay hold of her by the tail if I can and get a resolution passd by this Honourable Board denying what the Learned Doctor has done.
6
The Learned Doctor has Just declared the most shocking sentiments, as a Protestant member I protest against his intolerance.
7
Ah but which way did she run? perhaps some Orangemen has got hold of her.
8
5
If an Orangeman in Ireland or England has got hold of her I fear we shall not get her again. But all Join the Chase to Try.
9
I fear this Doctor Drum will beat to arms before we are prepared. But we'll muffle the Drum if we can for the present.
10
Hey Hey what's all this I am what I was in the Year 1798 Secy.
11
Address of the Hon Board to the Spanish Cortes. List of the penal Laws - Heads of a new bill against Protestants.
I as Lord Ten days sight require Order.
Infallible Chair
G R
Senatorial Catholic Board Exch St
Orange Boven
Protestants! see the Doctor is letting the Cat out of the Bag at last all Protestants ought to thank him Orange Boven.
I hope this will open the eyes of the blind Protestants The Cat is out never to get in again,
Hear Hear Bravo.
Petition from the Bulls & Bears in Change Alley
On the use of the Night Chair invented by Dr A. after twenty years study
Vinegar of Saturn by Dr A. at the sign of the two Parrots
Miss Epicoene D'Eon is discover'd in close consultation with its Wine Merchant & Privy Counsellor. The Free-Masons beg the Secret of its Sex may be kept inviolable; the Committee of Under-writers on the other hand Petition for the Discovery, & propose that Mons: A shall explore the sexual Signature manually after the manner used on the election of a new Pope, for which purpose the Doctor is seen introducing his new invented Night Chair
Radical Wisdom Rebuilding The Ruin'd Constitution.
Liberty
Order
Universal Suffrage
The Cone inverted shews a wide extended plain, Where rampant Radicals, may rage & roar & reign, But lo! the foundation now placed on the top, Too heavy the pressure! the whole must soon drop
Like as old hack Walton by some winding stream, Tickled the trout, hooked Gudgeon, Dabs or Bream; So by the gliding tide of time I sit, To catch the Fancies, Follies or the Wit; Of great and little Men who are my fishes, You'll find them cook'd within as various dishes
Sacred | the Memory of | Edward Alleyne | Founder of this | College | Life Nov 26 | 1626 Æ 63 | Likewise | Joan his Dear | Wife who F | race 28 June 1623.
Nic Frog
Lewis Baboon
Come Mynheer, and I will teach you to dance the Louvre, and my Brother Don Pedro, the Findango.
Yaw, Yaw Mynheer Lewis, but who pays the Piper, Fm afraid of the Ducaten
Quick Quick Mynheer, Yonder comes John Bull, who with his Hornpipe will spoil your Ball I'm afraid.
Not I Brother Lewis I am wearied to Death with dancing to your cursed French Music
Russia
Ornamented with Butter Fish Cheese does appear The Monster seven headed whose name is Mynheer Tho
Now the Pit is covered, I may venture out.
O Heavens! I wish I had the whole length
Real Greek
Ay! You're a deep One
Demosthenes
What what amazing capacity will Oxacow satisfy?
Cicero
Yes, we are finely toss'd off by Private acceptance
Modern Antiques
How shall I determine.
Go over - your Fortune is made - she has certainly heard of your Fine Parts
Who knows but she may make an Emperor of you at least take you in keeping
I'll pay your passage and lend you a clean Shirt
I can spare him
Fox against Fox!!! or Political Blossoms of the Right Hon. Charles James Fox . . . To which are added the Speeches of Mr Pitt and Mr Fox ...
Little short of Treason to the Constitution
Lords
Commons
St James's giving the Ton, a Soul without a Body
Cheapside aping the Mode, a Body without a Soul
City Fussock
Sir a man is come to know what you will sell your Pork a Pound
Five pence halfpenny. Dont you think I can afford to sell it at that Price John
You cant afford to sell it for less; they are full as good as those you Advertised last Year I am sure; consider how much Tythe Milk they have had
Port
Brandy
Chian
Poulterers Bill . . . unpaid, Butcher's Bill . . . unpaid, Baker's Bill . . . unpaid
Doctors Bill
Debts of Honor Unpaid
Newmarket List
Faro Partnership Account Self Archer Hobart & Co.
For the Piles
Drops for a Stinking Breath
Leakes Pills
Velnos Vegetable Syrup
L. Comoro, Ætat. 199 *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> : a half length portrait of a man with a long beard drinking from a glass inscribed  OPEN>> Aqua
They were lovely in their lives and in their Death they were not divided
The True Reward of Such Virtues
Thus Gamesters united in Friendship are found
Sublime and Beautiful
Alass; Under the best of K---gs
Theatrical Justice
The Critic
Ah Sure a Pair was never seen so justly form'd to meet by Nature.
sacred to ... Virtues of Jemmy Twitcher
Here Rests Watt Tyler
To the Glorious of Jonathan ... Wilde
No 1.
No 2
My name's the Doctor . . .
Challenge
Not Guilty
"Self-preservation's Heaven's eldest law.  OPEN>> Imprest upon our Nature with our life,  OPEN>> In Characters indelible, who shrinks  OPEN>> From this great cause is wanting to his righteason:  OPEN>> But when our Honor is traduc'd and stab'd at,  OPEN>> T'is Virtue, t'is heroic Fortitude,  OPEN>> Then to encounter violence with Force.
Dieu et m *BRACKETED* Droit
Why Charley! I am afraid we have drank too much of this cursed Entire.
Essay on Brewing
Whitbread's Entire
Temple of Hymen
Whitbreads Entire
Brown Stout Cooler
Church and State
Motive
King's Head 1649
Spirit of Cromwell
Motion to Repeal the Test and Corporation Acts
I care not what's the established Religion - not I - heaven knows I trouble the Church very little - therefore Til move the Repeal - in return - I have your interest at the general Election - and pray dont continue to preach against wenching and gaming - the Practice you know nothing about
Nor hold forth against Poor Players
Drury Lane
We'll turn our Meetings into Chapels.
Constitutional Society
We'll Preach and Pray for nothing but the Constitution
Amen
This New Coalition designed by Hope and Executed by mutual convenience
We dissent from the Church for a Living, and we get it - your Church Preachers are too drowsy - they have no fire - they have not the Spirit - they only endeavour to inform the understanding, and send their Congregation asleep, and so people are afraid of getting cold at Church for want of Company - We affect the Passions - we abuse them - we tell them they are lost Sheep - we thump the Cushion - we tell them they are d-----d, and they like it, and our Subscription seats are crowded, and so we get a living - and if we get a repeal and become equal we'll not rest till we rise Superior.
Thirty nine Articles
What care I for these, give me the Fortieth Article - a good fat Living I mean
Deism
Arianism
Presb *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Socinianism
ism &c
Republicism
Crown & Anchor
O, such a day as this, so renown'd so victorious, Such a day as this was never seen Revolutionists so gay; - while Aristocrats notorious, Tremble at the universal glee.
Petition of Horne Tooke
What! What! What! - what's the matter now
Zounds! what the devil is it that puts me into such a hell of a Funk? - damn it, it is but giving one good blow, & all is settled! - but what if I should miss my aim! - ah! it's the fear of that which makes me stink so! - & yet, damnation! what should I be afraid of? if I should not succeed, why nobody can find me out in this Mask, any more than the Man who chop'd the Calf's-head off, a Hundred & Forty Years ago - and so here goes!
Hell & Damnation, dont be afraid give a home stroke, & then throw off the Mask - Zounds, I wish I had hold of the Hatchet.
Don't be alarmed at your situation, my dear Brother; we must all dye once; and, therefore what does it signify whether we dye today or tomorrow - in fact, a Man ought to be glad of the opportunity of dying, if by that means he can serve his Country, in bringing about a glorious Revolution: - & as to your Soul, or any thing after death don't trouble yourself about that; depend on it, the Idea of a future state, is all an imposition: & as every thing here is vanity & vexation of spirit, you should therefore rejoice at the moment which will render you easy & quiet
Priestley on a Future State
Here do give me a little room Joseph that I may be in readiness to catch the droppings of the Small Beer when it is tapp'd; I never can bear to see the Small Beer wasted Joseph!
For Small Beer
Plan of Chelsea Hospital by Sir Ceci *BRACKETED* Wray
Articles of Charges
on Tuesday the 28th Novr. 1786, to answer the Articles exhibited against him, by his Wife, the Countess of Strathmore
Ld North
Ld Sandwich
List of the Navy
Plan of Minden
The National Kettle, which once was a good one, For boiling of Mutton, of Beef, & of Pudding, By the fault of the Cook, was quite out of repair, When the Tinkers were sent for, - Behold them & Stare. The Master he thinks, they are wonderful Clever, And cries out in raptures, 'tis done! now or never! Yet sneering the Tinkers their old Trade pursue, In stopping of one Hole - they're sure to make Two
My Dear Doctors! those sacre Anglois have play'd the Devil vun *BRACKETED* my constitution pray tell me what is the matter with me, I felt the first symptoms when I told Genl Macke I wanted ships, collonies & commerce - Oh! dear - Oh dear! I shall want more ships now; this is a cursed sensation - O I am very qualmish.
Extraordinary Gazette 19 Sail of the Line taken by Ld Nelson
Begar me have found it out - your heart be in your breeches.
A desperate case
I recommend bleeding
Irrecoverable
Memorial of the Expedition to . . .
I have mended my Pen and written afresh, it is now more intelligible?
I don't like second Editions give it my Servant -
Bulwark of Great Brittain. N . . . al Exploits of Nautical Heroes
Carricature Screen or Fun Concen-tratad *BRACKETED* NB most to be seen on the other side
Capt Bobadil
Sir John Falstaff
the Copper Captain
Hudibrass
Princeaple Caracters Harliquin Mr Boney Pantaloon Louis XVIII Columbine Maria Louiza Clowns &c By Congress
Elba
France
Congress & c
Town Talk
State of the Poll Magority *BRACKETED* over 74
Gordon for ever.
Dry your tears my dear Lord! it is unmanly to Despair!
Gordon and Freedom
Robarts for Ever
The Worcester Freeman
Purity of Election
To Worcester
To Croome
Fortem Posce Animum
Rogue's March
Poor Cock how crest fallen en't it Harriett,
He is indeed! he has a fine tail but good for nothing eh Suk.
Gulph of Despair
Interest of the Coventry Family Obiit 1812
Influence
Independence
Worcester Freemen
Robarts / Gordon} Duly / elected. Deerhurst—Declined. In the background is a decayed park wall and an entrance, from which the gate has fallen, leading to a country house. Tree-trunks are toppling. A steward stands by the gate raising his arms in a gesture of despair; he says:  OPEN>> These timbers the last left of those we were allowed to fell, must now be taken away to pay Election expences Woe is the day to the House of C-.
Aye Measter Steward, times be Strangely altered within these last few years.
The Betting Post
O! mark ye here a brave and loyal knight, In virtue arm'd, for fame's high Temple bound! A per'lous toil! for fiends of fell despight, And every loathsome form, in hell that's found, Start on his path and hiss his head around! But vain  OPEN>> gainst his emprise their threats & guile! Albeit with sword him listeth not to wound Th
mars their graceless spell and moves right on the while!
Fame
Fortiter pro Patria
Industria
Standard
Morning Journal
The Alter of Repentance
Life of Mrs Clarke
Memoirs
Love
Darling
Love Letter
Thus perish all that gives my Darling pain
I want not your Forts, your Cities, nor your Territories! Sir I only want Ships, Colonies and Commerce.
At thy feet O Goddess of the seas I resign my life in the service of my Country.
My Son thy Name shall be recorded in the page of History on tablets of the brightest Gold.
Huzza, her-we come with four more
May it please your Kings Majesty's Emperor, that Dam Nelson take all your Ships, Twenty at a time, begar if you no come hack directly they vill not leave you vone boat to go over in!
run, Ma foi anoder Dam Nelson take ever so many more Ships
22 Ch. 2 Ve. And every one that was in distress, and every one that was in debt, and every one that was discontented, gathered themselves unto him, and he became a great Captain over them, and there were with him about four hundred men.
4d
O Conners Confession
profil perdu
Tax'd
Here Citizens, here - an infamous attack upon the Club the only Liquor allowed to be raised upon us, I say Citizens it is the Ministers doings he knows our distress, he knows our Situations, he has privately done it to annihilate entirely. Rouse yourselves, raise your spirits against the Porter, let off the whole artillery of your mallevolence against that fellow who so maliciously keeps us out of Place *BRACKETED* - & le me hear next Club night the Harangues you have made in the different Alehouses & Slap-Bang Shops *BRACKETED* , against Placemen & Pensioners. - Citizens I would meet him myself, but for my lame hand.
Rules & Orders 1 That the Majesty of the People be the standing Toast *BRACKETED* . 2 That what can't be said in the House is to be said here *BRACKETED* . 3 That if any member be detected in an unlawfull Act: all the Club do voluntarily Swear to his good Character, and that he is as pure as themselves; - *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* . 4 That the word Poverty never be mentioned in the Club, on forfeit of the persons expectations. 5 That Cheating Tradesmen of their property; under privelege of Parliament be allowed & sanctioned. 6 That every member do exert himself to the utmost, to damp the spirits of the People; & particularly by holding out the Country to be in a dreadful State. 7 That every information be conveyed over the water, that will keep up the present War *BRACKETED* , & then charge it on the Administration. 8 That all duties be neglected to attend this Club & its private concerns
He put his foot on the neck of Kings
Tyranny in him was not  OPEN>> sacred
John Bull
Andrew
Patrick
You had better be mild with them, they may be too strong even for me to hold
Great Man, a second Sampson, O! O! O! I expected how it would be—O! the wonderful Man, what power—O! he is a strong Man—Gag them but keep their limbs sound—Recollect their constitution is to be preserved—Do not hurt their constitutions, we have more work for them to do yet—O! yes we will work them in the Truck way—Hold them tight Dear Mr Keeper.—Put muzzles on them—Knock their teeth out—I think we had better have them blinded—Good Master Keeper, I am afraid the Chains are Birmingham ware
Que-veux-tu, malheureux? n'as tu pas recu ton salaire vas t'en au diable
This Royal May Pole after laying by for some time was again set up on the 25th of May 1811 by his *BRACKETED* —O! what a fallin off— was there! Shakespeare *BRACKETED* .
T F
D—n all W—dl—s and investigations here am I in office again who's afraid.
Round about the May Pole now we Trot trot &c &c &c.
Round about the Darling May Pole how we Trot
Round about the Royal May Pole see how we Dance.
Now we'll live on the fat of the land, and— Johnny Bull who pays for all will pay I do not doubt it and if he don't why some one shall so I don't care much about it—O I am so happy to think that all his darling Love Letters were not made public.
Pripnciple Clearke *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , see No. 11228, &c. The woman holding her left hand says:  OPEN>> go along Moll Clarke that's your sort *BRACKETED* .
The Regents Dance
Garden of Eden
Wardle Traps set in these Grounds.
cit
Hallo—what the Devil have we got here?—why if there an't Fred in his Old place again!!!!!! and as I'm alive his Old Favoites *BRACKETED* celebrating the event O, Iohn Bull, Iohn Bull who would have thought of all this.
*BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The King sleeps with head thrown back, leaning against the head of a sofa *BRACKETED* , his foot on a cushion. Close beside him sits Brougham, leaning, regardless of etiquette, against the King, absorbed in his own words. He says, with raised forefinger,  OPEN>> Then, I say that for these various and manifold reasons, it may become matter of grave deliberation, with your M—j—ty whether in the undoubted exercise of your R—y—l prerogative you should not*............
* Here the Speaker was interrupted by a peculiar kind of noise; which induced him to defer until some other occasion the remainder of his Speech
Shury, Printer, Berwick Street
To the Tune of the Blue Bell of Scotland
Poor Man! Can I relieve thy wants? There shall not then a stone be left Unturned *BRACKETED* to Ease thy Labouring Breast
Oh mio Dolore, Mary Crudel now I have lost all my Jewels, oh deforsa Abelard, thus left to shrivel like this lifeless Trunk.
By Order of his Majesty any Person or Persons committing Nuisances will be Prosecuted
"Sing we, in harmony, Apollo's praise.
Seven Sages
Poyning's Law's
Dumouriez
Hollander
vrijheid goede Hollander
Weg roofzieke fransman
Mijn goede vriend qijword misleid, hoor hoe ik voor il Vrijheid pleit, Ik wil á rúste geven
Vertrek ik rúst stil bij mijn Leeúw. ú prúlle kraam is frans geschreuw, Oranje is mijn leven. *BRACKETED* Zie Uiterse Co No 3.
cit
Ambition
Paris
Which way shall I move! how shall I maneuvre. I am afraid I shall lose my King as well as my men and Knights.
Honor lost
Stand by us Johnny! never mind your money dropping out of your pocketts.
Never fear my Lads! only mind your play, John Bull won't flinch let what will happen.
I shall move soon and I hope I shall play Well in turn.
Check Mate—by all thats good.
Let us only mind our motions Brother and we shall be sure of the Game.
Your just in time to see your old kidnaper lose the game he though *BRACKETED* himself the best player in World.
I am released on condition of takeing share in a rubber with him but I shall not consider compulsion binding.
Great Brittain
St Georges Channel
Ireland
German Ocean
British Channel
Mr Bell
Upon my Soul my Dear! I have Seen you before
have you Sir? then now you may See me behind
TRAGEDY. Grant me great Mars! once more in arms to shine, And break like lightning thro
Folly of ye Middling classes supporting their Goverment Blk Dwarf
Westr Cordial
Cushion of Usurpation
Symbols of Power
Turkish Victims
Cunning
Subtilty
Hypocracy
Gallic Liberty
Poison from Egypt
Instrument of Persuasion
A Mahometan Turbin
A Bishops Mitre
Religious Convenience
Emblems of Mercy
Reward of Merit
Sontag
My—Motto—Charity Covers a Multitude of Sins
£—S—D½ | 60.000— 15—6—¾ | & a quarter of | a fraction.
I was naked and ye clothed me—I was hungry and ye took me in.
Have you ever seen my Piece
The palace that N-h built: a parody on an old English poem. By I. Hume
who very reluctantly pays for it all
National Debt 800 000 000
Now Imprisoned and Gagged By the fell C- *BRACKETED* .
Sir William L------
the polite and stock-jobbing world
Lady Har------n
L------y R------d
L------y T-----sh-----d
L------y G------r
L-----y Sarah B-----y
L------y Lig-----r
L------y R-----y
Long Minuet
What do you think of mine, Sir
It won't do upon my honor.
Oh, damn the Lumbago!
Monstrous like the Prince, the very bow dem me
vis-à-vis
Curse it, I've burst the waistband of my breeches
vis-à-vis
Good God, Sir, you should take off your hat when you make a bow!
Arrah let a Volunteer alone, my dear, did you ever know a man fire before he presented!
You bow too low, Sir
And you seem to be spitted, Mr few.
chapeau-bras
Ha! Ha! by gar poor John Bull's back will ache at this amusement
vis-à-vis
These tight stays will be the death of me.
Vary weel, Sawny, vary like the Prince's bow!
It may do for a poor Curate presenting a Petition!
Better than yours you Pulpit Prig.
chapeau-bras
Garrick's bow at the Shrine of Shakespeare was nothing to it.
This is to a certainty something like it.
He take precedence of me! d-----n his bow!
It would kick up the heels of chastity in Maid, Wife, or Widow
Tax on Women
Tax on Eating
Tax on Air
Tax on Sleep
Tax on Drinking
Tax on Exercise
Budget
Black Joke
Remember The Clergy
Common Prayer
Next Sabeth Day we shall hav a Love Feest it is hopd every Lamb will atend NB a Culleccsion as useal for the Pastor
Mangling done here
Repeal of Corporat *BRACKETED* & Test Act
Doctor Henry a ever failing remedy
Honi Soit...
Ich dien
An Accurate Map of Falkland Is
Letter to the Premier
Last dying Speech, A new Song on Liberty
Junius's Letters
Votes
History of the Constitution with my own Remarks
Oliver Cromwell
Scourge
Well, I think I may compare notes with her!
Tune.—"The Highlandman
I am an Irishman.
I'll go
Ladies, notwithstanding I secure universal approbation by reducing the price of Tea, a weed, so nourishing that it may be called the Manna of Females, I shall in good time, turn the waste Lands into Juniper grounds, that you may never be in want of a drop of Gin, to comfort your Bowels and reconcile you to the loss of Day light, Fire-light & Candle light
Dam your Catlap - give us Windows, Coals and Candles, or my eyes and limbs, I'll thump Your bread-basket
Push him off, Sam, or, he'll squeeze my lights out
Billy for ever, Huzza!
Bless the little Cock of Wax
Give us glorious Gin and then you'll be a greater man than your Father
Bohea Tea Duty Free
East India Bill
Majority
Prerogative
Cock a doodle doo
A slap at slop
Ha! Ha! Ha! What! come together at last.
Now Gentlemen we shall have it all our own way, I am the return'd member, & your fortunes are all made, what's the publick interest compared with ours - make haste Governor I hope we shall soon be out of danger!!
This is a Gallows good rig - we have completely turned off *BRACKETED* the Wigs - a bit of a riot now would not be amiss, ay Master Coachee - it would make well for our line of business!!!
Ay, Ay, Master Catch *BRACKETED* I should have no objection to a bit of a row, business is rather flat!! Kemarp beef & biscuits!!!
Warrant
Never fear Master Hell & the Devil dare not face us!!
Poverty
Disgrace
I hope your friend Billy *BRACKETED* will frank these two Hundred intended prosecutions?
Oh, never fear, if there was two Thousand it would be no object to his means! do you suppose I have arrived at such oppulence by selling biscuits?
No doubt we shall be well rewarded for our exertions! and Glorious Victory! meat scarce! fresh contracts. Huzza!!!
Beef & Pork
He is a handsome Man by G-d but for his gimblet eye! *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ;  OPEN>> He promises well by G-d!; a generous fellow d-n my eyes!!
Cut his arm!!!
Knock down that Burdetter d------n his eyes!!!
Ham string him
Attended by a respectable set of Gentlemen on Horseback!!! a trifle for poor brother beggar your honor!!!
True Britain *BRACKETED* - Great news Burdet Murd . . Fox in the Pill *BRACKETED* Moira Townshend, Moore &c &c. Transported or any lye you think proper Fee £/5. 5.
Courier No Turncoat.
Mainwaring for ever
The back way to Brentford
BRITISH PRESS
Magna Charta
Bill of Rights
Habeas Corpus
Gagging Bill
Cap of Liberty
It is better to do this, than  OPEN>> Stand Prostrate
Green Bag
Evidence ags LIBERTY—Spencean's Plan Spa fields Plot An Old Stocking full of Gunpowder *BRACKETED* 3 or 4 rusty fire arms & a few bullets too large to fit the barrels!!
Prayers & thanksgiving for the Escape of the Regent from the Madness of the People
Canterbury
Muster Roll of Gentlemen Sinecurists
Band of Gentlemen Pensioners
For the Funeral of British Liberty who died near St Stepens *BRACKETED* — March 1817—
Letter of the Black Dwarf in London to the Yellow Bonze in Japan
Black Dwarf
Regent
1
2
3
an Admiral on shore
his method of making love
Young froggee would a wooing go . . .
5
4
Dutch-looking damsel
A Fortune Hunter
What joy to be humbugged by thee!!
We'll both Humbug the Nation!!!
6
A Principal of the Inquisition, by Lord S— *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , with the profile of Castlereagh. He was attended by members of the Inquisition, not depicted:  OPEN>> Mr W—b—e *BRACKETED* , the Att—y-G— *BRACKETED* , and several great legal characters.
8
A Mountebank
10
An Account Book, by Mr. V—t *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , containing only  OPEN>> a few unintelligible reckonings, all supposed to be wrong
Hic Jac *BRACKETED* Leges Ang *BRACKETED* Angliae
The Laws of England
9
A Villain, by the Worst Man in his Majestys dominions ... the  OPEN>> apostate
renegade
parricide
traitor
tyrant
cheat
bully
ingrate
New Times
"The New Times
, i.e. Stoddart. Behind him is a wretched-looking man, perhaps representing  OPEN>> English Liberty, by a  OPEN>> Lancashire Weaver . . .
Black Dwarf
Morning Post
some of the Lieges on their return
Long May He Rain
The honle Gentleman opposite has certainly a most extraordinary chin and when he places his claims to your suffrages upon that broad and ample basis, it must be Granted that he rests his hope upon some foundation; but Gentlemen the Candidate whom I propose to you possesses such transcendent superiority in this important feature that I feel Boaied up with confidence . . . *BRACKETED* in the event of his return which I now consider certain *BRACKETED* few orators in the hon: House will command more attention or be listened to with so much pleasure!
Musical Wonder Michel Boai
Hurra Hurra
Clear the way for his M------'s Ministers
"What strange alterations \\  OPEN>> of Times I have seen, \\  OPEN>> Between, this, & when good Cousin Bess was a Queen
The English Bank of Exchange
an English lord
Bank
Dutch skipper
Bank
merchant of Amsterdam
sacks of gold
Bold Jack! pray, what's the business to-day! Phoo - ! pox - ! a plot, mistaken for a play. This hurly-burly spoils your sport - : you'll find, There  OPEN>> s humour to your face - , and more behind. Amazing Fool - ! yet tottering on thy bench, Tho
t Gaat wel: by kris en kras! dat heet een hoofdrol speelen. Puf Spaansch en Fransch: Messieurs! die poen heeft maakt figuur. Maar lieve Jack! zie toe: dat stomlen staat je duur. O Boston! Delaware! ô Washington! ô Franschen! Zo mogt Mylord welhaast een hangman's hornpyp dansen. De Batavier houdt noch uw Bankspel in den haak. Vermeetle! Loon die trouw, of vrees geregte wraak.
So might Mylord soon dance a hangman's hornpipe. The Batavian still holds your bank on the square. Do you dare! Reward this faithfully or fear revenge
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
1s. 6d.
Swinish Multitude
Loans
Death of Tippoo
The Duke of Cumberland Suttling House
cit
Glorious News for Old England from Portugal
Extraordinary Gazette - your Honor - only put on your large Spectacles and look it over it will quite Delight you.
Extraordinary Gazette
Convention between Sir Hew Dalrymple & the French General Junot
Why I must say my Lad, it is the most Extraordinary Gazette - that has appeared from the Creation of the World to the present moment.
Lovely Molly
Smiling Betty
Ruddy Sally
Burning Kisses
2d Post Bag
United strength of the people
The Directory
Spain
Turkey
Austria
Holland
Russia
Moses Levy Money Lent
Ship Tavern
Ship
Disfranchisement
Enfranchisement
Qualification
Waverers
Amendments
A Present from Egupt
I'll smoke the Cits again with another Loan very soon. - Very fine Virginia my Lord!
Pho the old mans pipe is allways out, but yours burns with full vigour
yes yes . . . *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; he smokes a hookah. A thin elderly man between Pitt and Staines lights his *BRACKETED* pipe from a guttering candle held by a rough-looking sailor who is also smoking and has a quid in his bulging cheek; the latter says:  OPEN>> Why Sr Dilbery, your pipe is too short, 'tis quite worn out, it wants a new tip
Yes Sir Dilbery these fighting Tars make a cursed deal more smoke than we do.
Aye my Lord but then they have a cursed deal more fire too - twig the Admiral.
Orno \\ Hardham \\ Tobbaco.
Jack Tar
smoke the Cits
attitudes
burning with full Vigour
ex votos
A Fig for such Breeches! there's nothing in them!!
Publick Reservoir
Marquiss of R ...
All for the Public Good
We must save every thing
Economical Reform
This is really for the landed Interest
P ... S
Memoirs
Oh how he strains every Nerve for the Publick Good. He does my business, 'tis I who should cast up the Accounts
Bu--ke
Ld J. C-n-sh
Monsr Orange, I will seal up your Papers, & take care of your Cash
New Laws for Holland Prepar'd by the Convention
aid du Camp
Fyn Se gelak wel brand en vart. houd
Aha. Monr Grenouille I wou'd rather eat you than fight.
Heaven in Your Eye in every gesture Dignity & Love
Summit of Fame
Irish Protest
dated last at Branco 20 April 1812 says  OPEN>> Our Regiment has suffered much from wett & cold having been bevouacked for 3 nights in the open air & I found for the first time the great utility of my tent, but alas, a madman has stole my watch & spectacles!!!
Oh! Trumpeter, what for a Rascal has my Spectacles & watch stole? I shall not be able now to see the enemy!— *BRACKETED* .
Papa, I want to go home I wont play soldiers no more I be so cold & wet.
Hush! Hush little Lieutenant, Hush.
"and thus wags this part of the World
Turn you where your Lady is | And claim her with a loving kiss
German Englishman Belgian what next
Greece Pot
Poland
France
Juillet
England-Dreadful situation of the Boroughmongers
Clerical Blind
Pray Gentlemen Spare me Reason Has Slipt off your blind and I can See and Judge for myself. Besides you have more than a Seventh! of my labour! already.
Livings
Bigotry and Revenge
Ah Seditious Villian! who told you It was Reason? 'tis downright Blasphemy! See and Judge for yourself! here's a pretty Rascal? How do you think the stupid Sons of our Nobility are to live? ride easy or we must Call in the Military.
We are guiding you right Johnny if you doubt you are damn'd give him another Spur Brother for the love of G—d.
Brandy
Delusion
N *BRACKETED* Chapels Love Of *BRACKETED* ri *BRACKETED* Missionaries! Bible Societies! Missionaries! New Chapels.
Faith
That's it threaten him Brothers! for my Phantom seems to have lost its Power.
Annual Burden to support Imposture
Publishing Bonns *BRACKETED* Marriages &c &c Easter Offerings &c &c &c Tithes
Christenings Churchings Burials &c &c
Law Gags, made by The Society of Dupes.
The road to Ruin
New Churches
The Lord make us thankfull for what we receive and Bless the Regent.
Amen
Chapels
College For Dissenters to Learn to Preach
"Observe the way those animals take their food; each eats out of its neighbour's pot. By this means they double the common stock; a wonderful provision of nature in those climates!
Come on my Lad! don't fall without a Blow! I'll tickle your Mazzard, if you dare to stand up like a Man!
O save me Nunkle! - O Lord! - O Lord! - O Lord! Your H--h--ss is above my Match! - O Lord - I'm not fit to fight any body above your Footman
For heavens sake, forbear! we are nothing but a brood of Bastards! Bastards begot - Bastards instructed - Bastards in Mind - Bastards in Valour - in every thing illegitimate - we are neither of Blood, or of Honor, to cope with your Hi-h--ss!!
Fredrick! cant you tip his bottle holder a sly plump in the Bread-basket?
Oft have I seen a hot o'erweening Cur, Run back & bark - because he was with-held, Who being suffer'd in the Bear's fell paw Hath clap'd his Tail between his Legs & cry'd
Old English Sir Loin & Plum Pudding.
A Turenne of Plum Broth smoaking hot
Give him Pearl ash ha ha ha
Salt the Scoundrel
Lather him he has taxt Soap
Snuff his Eyes out
I'll Contract for him.
Da-n that Fox
For taxing of Salt Tobacco and Soap, Some say that Lord North is deserving a Rope. His Lordship you see he his now in a Tub, While the old woman lathers & give him a Scrub
Raree Show | New View | of the | Glorious Triumph | of | Reform!
Oh dear what a fine sight
Aye friend John you'd see nothing like it, in the opposition Show—besides you would run some danger of having your Pockets picked there
Russian Dutch Loan £5,500,000
Take care of your pockets
Can't you keep quiet you know you would do the same thing had you the opportunity
Which has appeared from time to time, in that most Popular Sporting Sunday Paper,  OPEN>> Bell's Life in London.
Music hath charms
Before and after marriage; or, ringing the changes
With and without a dinner; or, the fat and the lean kine
The agreeable surprise; or, the joys of matrimony
An ostler, alias oatstealer; or, a hint to travellers
Before and after election
Smelling a rat
Labour in vain
Christmas times - Boxing Day
Term time, or the lawyer and his clients
Symptoms of drawing
Flying dustmen
The thimble rig; or, how to bonnet a flat
Taking the law in her own hands; or, serving an ejectment on a troublesome tenant
Time come - time call'd
Studies from Demosthenes; or, eloquence on the water-side
Behind time
London conveyancers - taking time by the fore-lock
Macadamites - hard times
Patience is a virtue
Barring a bad customer; or, a score behind
Petticoat government
Consultation
Colour - form - figure!
Temperance Society; or, Jack Scroggins in his element
The flitch of bacon
A lord of the creation; or, the white serjeant triumphant
A free and easy in the back slums
Students at the bar - a knotty subject
Ise Yorkshire too!
State of the poll - a Tory vote split.
Sketches from Lavater
A sharp
A flat
A tithe pig, or a pillar of the church
A pig without tithe, or an evangelical
What a shocking bad hat!
What a shocking bad bonnet!
The man wot won the fight
The man wot lost the fight
The nose
The trap
The beak
Irish whiskey
Scotch whiskey
English gin
Jamaica rum
French brandy
British grog
Hollands
Heavy wet
A Greenwich mutineer
Fancy Sketches
The incantations of John Bull; or, the spirits of Christmas
In pudding time; or, too late for the first course
A puglisit in the bud; or, early symptoms of pugnacity
Forcible ejectment; or, a lesson to scolds
A select vestry; or, true guardians of the poor
Too late for the steamer; or, more ballast than speed
A squall off Margate; or, vicissitudes at sea
Bulls and no jokes; or, gallantry on the gallop
Contemplation; or, the  OPEN>> depth
Contempt of court; or, the big-wigs astounded
Out of place; or, the pavior at fault
Dramatic inspiration, or a spirited actor
Kitchen stuff, or high life below stairs
Rub *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  or the devil turned doctor
Hot and cold, or Old Nick in the frost
Swing's recreations
Approaching dissolution
Vite Condick swells
A bird of ill omen
Kicking up a dust
A man trap, or dangers of rural courtship
Symptoms of a long debate
Gaieties of Greenwich Fair
Rural pleasures,  OPEN>> I nose a beak
Domestic happiness
Domestic misery
A jarvey and no mistake!
The Quaker in a quandary
Downfall of Boroughmonger Hall
The dog in office
A lesson for music-masters
The Siamese twins, or separation desirable
A wision of wittels
The cruelty van, of the devil's own pace
Aristocracy and democracy
Birds of a feather
Dramatic illustrations
Love laughts at locksmiths
The pilot on shore
Dr.Bolus, or the last pill
A great friend in a little house
Othello's occupation's gone
As you like it
The school for scandal
Love, law, and physic
Where shall I dine?
The bottle imp
The rivals
Measure for measure
Raising the wind
Is he jealous?
Every man in his humour
Dennis and Desdemona.
Diversions of Old Nick
Teaching the young idea how to shoot
Sydney coves, or transports of Old Nick
Recognition, or Padd's last step
Clerical errors - a scene at Mother H.'s
Hell upon earth - the last throw
Snap dragon, or Old Nick at his gambols
Monkeyana
The gambler's progress - step the first
Step the ninth
Fancy sketches
Master and journeyman
A peep into Duck-Lane
The reward of V
Comparisons are odious
Early indications
John Bull and Bill Gibson's bull
A flat between two sharps
The devil among the raw lobsters
The cock of the walk
A practising bar-rister
The beginning and ending
London in the dog days
Teaching the young idea how to shoot
The boot on the wrong leg
A squire caught in his own trap
A veteran of the ring
A lesson for the Russians
A curtain lecture
Rent Roll
I am very sorry Mr Tugg, that I can't be yours for indeed I find it impossible to resist such a Pole.
Why look you Miss, I'll go on board of a Man of War, for I cannot bear to see you in the arms of another. Then farewell my Trim built wherry-And the Rent-Roll then farewell.
I'll tell you what Master Tugg you'll not be first Oars here I can assure you-this little Rose bud I intend to pluck myself-therefore be off.
What leave your faithfull Peggy.
Tom Tugg Hampton
To London
To Bushy
shall
Shou'd
TREASURY
I'll stretch my long Neck and get in if I can.
Curse on those who would ruin their Country and King.
I will, says Old Nick, for they are now in the string
I am d------d that I e'er coelig'd with this man
Brother Brother we are both in the wrong
Revolution
I thought you had a better taste in Architecture I say it is a Building of untemperd mortar built by Goths & vandals - where everything is out of place & Inverted - See what my Book says on the Subject.
After working so many years together in the same Shop - it forces Tears from me to think we should quarrel abt a paltry Building - though I must own in my opinion it is a Stupendous Fabric of Human - Wisdom!!
Little Bill Horner Sat in a Corner And eat his Christmas Pie!!
Ways and Means
Budget
Taxes
Black Spirits & White Blue Spirits & Grey Mingle Mingle Hubble Bubble Toil & Trouble &c
Hop
Corsica
France
Ambition
Power
Step
Jump
Calais
Dover
*BRACKETED* From indigence in Corsica To Affluence in France *BRACKETED* From aspiring Ambition To the summit of Power. *BRACKETED* From Calais to Dover Where little John Bull does the Corsican over
Medicine Chest
Liberty
Vanity Impudence
Envy
Folly
Wooler
Cobbett
See Debate, H. of Commons, June 26
William IV Rex
Assassin! your Banditti need not cover my Eyes, I fear not Death tho perhaps, a Guiltless Countenance may Appall your blood thirsty Soul.
Now de whole World shall know de courage of de first grand Consul, dat I can kill my Enemies in de Dark as well as de light, by Night as well as by Day dare and dare I had him - hark vat Noise vas dat, ah ti's only de Wind dare again and dare - now I shall certainly be made Emperor of de Gulls
This glorious deed does well deserve a Crown thus let us feed his wild ambition, until some bold avenging hand shall make him All our Own.
Brothers! if these are the Treacherous Blood thirsty designs of this Tyrant, it is high time we united with England in one common cause for the sake of suffering Humanity, and to arrest the progress of his Infernal Machin-ations.
Rambler's Magazine
*BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* ! my ho *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* y *BRACKETED* h *BRACKETED* r *BRACKETED* n his *BRACKETED* aga *BRACKETED* st a *BRACKETED* ost. *BRACKETED* f *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* ons, ram *BRACKETED* arts, *BRACKETED* s, and garr *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* , fare *BRACKETED* . The *BRACKETED* reath of *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* h *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* l *BRACKETED* ted *BRACKETED* my *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* r *BRACKETED* g c *BRACKETED* les. *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* es, leg *BRACKETED* ons, can now l *BRACKETED* w *BRACKETED* th *BRACKETED* th *BRACKETED* s *BRACKETED* sl *BRACKETED* , w *BRACKETED* the *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* a *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* ret *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* g *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* a *BRACKETED* of co *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* g w *BRACKETED* th *BRACKETED* r *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* s. *BRACKETED* w *BRACKETED* gall *BRACKETED* c r *BRACKETED* cal can dare *BRACKETED* exh *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* t his left *BRACKETED* tern jaw'd f *BRACKETED* . A s *BRACKETED* gle reg *BRACKETED* m *BRACKETED* t of *BRACKETED* r *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* s *BRACKETED* make *BRACKETED* t *BRACKETED* ves of *BRACKETED* th *BRACKETED* r *BRACKETED* , ra *BRACKETED* se *BRACKETED* th *BRACKETED* r *BRACKETED* s *BRACKETED* l *BRACKETED* es, & shew *BRACKETED* k *BRACKETED* nd t *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* ion's sons *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* s *BRACKETED* rp *BRACKETED* ed *BRACKETED* val *BRACKETED* o *BRACKETED* r *BRACKETED* hood & *BRACKETED* ac *BRACKETED* ty. *BRACKETED* at *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* sh *BRACKETED* t *BRACKETED* rn my *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* wer d *BRACKETED* tch, *BRACKETED* l *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* atter *BRACKETED* es there, *BRACKETED* s *BRACKETED* lence unc *BRACKETED* v *BRACKETED* l Speakers
Liberty
Assignats
Liberty
Come on my brave Lad, take this bounty-money, & enter into my Company of Gentlemen Volunteers enlisted in the cause of Liberty - I'll find you present pay and free quarters, & I'll lead you where you shall fill your knapsack with Plunder; - nay Man, never talk about your old Master the Farmer, I'll find you Hundreds of Masters as good as he; Zounds I'll make you one of the Masters of England yourself: - come on, I say, keres riches for you, - come on; the glorious 14th of July is approaching, when Monarchs are to be crush'd like maggots, & brave men like yourself are to be put in their places - here hold your hand, enter boldly in the cause of Freedom, & cry Huzza - Vive la Nation! Huzza
Wounds, Measter Sarjeant, an I should enter into your sarvice, what'll Varmer-George say to I, for leaving of  OPEN>> en without warning? - and yet I is half in love with the sound of your drum; & wishes to leave off Ploughing & dunging, & wear one of your vine cockades, & be a French Gentleman; - & yet, dangs it, it goes against ones heart to leave the Varmer; - ah Varmer George has been a rare good Measter to I! - but, am I to have all them fine paper Moneys - but to leave my old Measter! Ah me! I dozes'nt know what to do, not I!
'Tho
Then come, my Lad, our glory share, Let your honest heart, British Valour crown, At Freedom's call to our Standard repair, And follow the beat of my tow, row, row - my row, row, row - &c &c.
To Lord Stanhop *BRACKETED* from W. Pitt.
Ah this damn'd threat'ning caution from my brother in law Billy, has put me into a terrible funk; - I must be off & leave the Black-Sarjeant to muster up recruits without me: - well if the recruits should grow riotous, & do any mischief I cannot be blamed: - thank Heav'n I have scratched my name out of his muster Book: but however it is best to be off, before the review - oh zounds! I'm in a terrible funk - a damn'd funk indeed.
Woman - are you not ashamed of yourself to be sitting smoking and drinking in Service time! - do you know Who I am woman? - I am the Parson of the Parish.
More shame for you I say, to be walking about troubling your head with other peoples consarns - when you ought to be in Church Preaching your Sarmint!!
Rich Cordial Gin
Old Tom
Oh! this Confounded Currency Question.
Are you stuck fast too P—l I can't get farther than  OPEN>> My Lords & Gentlemen
Sung by Mr Incledon, in his Popular Summer Entertainment  OPEN>> The Wandering Melodist
The Rambler's Magazine
D------shire for ever!
R------t------d for ever!
Ah Mynheer, - you be de jolly dog you ave de L'argent we give you de hug Fraternal what care you for Jeanny Bull we Protect you Ma foi
Thank you Mounseer thank you you say right whats Johnny Bull to me I dont care for Johnny Bull he drubs me a little now & then but I dont care for that.
ah! Johnny Bull I am so glad to see you. no more French Mounseers for me! do you know Johnny that the fellow Pickt my Pocket.
Now that was d------d unhandsome to be Sure
Duncan Huzza
Staatkundige Fabel Rol.
Bericht aan der Leezer
... you my lord have henceforth no need of horses, still less of a coachman. Therefore I take my leave.
Lord Gordon
You must stay you comical fellow, ... it will not be for ever that I shall be treated like Wilkes
So much the worse for me, good Sir, for if you lose the people's esteem, you run the risk of going to a place where you will not need a coach or even shoes ...
What an honour! ... I would rather be you than any king ...
You have not had much experience, ... if Gordon only looks at the building before which we are standing, ... so must he tremble with fear. Experience has taught me that the homage of rebels leads to rigorous imprisonment, yes, even to worse and more shameful things.
Ha, it goes well, I see what I have long wished for. God bless Lord Gordon that he gives us this chance to satisfy the lust for plunder innate in the British nation on the pretext of challenging Popish liberties.
Go ahead you scum, through you and your like, the honour of the English Nation is stained. All these tumultmakers, now leaping with joy, will surely wish to be called Protestants. But no, they are rather barbarians.... But it seems that Englishmen must always be astir. Why do they not look at our neighbour Holland ? Balance and scales whereon lie the books of war and peace should teach us what is most beneficial for us. One might well liken the Blessed Netherlands to the great sun... which through her light lets it be seen that peace is better than war. No wonder that one sees in this picture, a letter flung from the sky, by the clamours and sighs of the Dutch, couched in these terms and written in letters of gold.  OPEN>> Nowhere is there any more freedom except in the Netherlands, God bless our high and mighty and beloved Prince.
Bravo! how well they Reel! tip us drops of Brandy!
Brandy
Here Brandy—Massa great many drop.
Taylly *BRACKETED* High ho the Grinder
*BRACKETED* Pains . . . Penalties
I say Doctor! what are you arter there ve dont vont Glistering.
Wine Cellar
my heart how I do sweat wy I wow it is hotter than the Laundry.
I'll off to Q-n,
Q
Lord Tom I wish they would play Langalee.
Can't give *BRACKETED* us the Black Joke.
A Dialogue or Accidental Discourse betwixt Mr Alderman Abell and Richard Kilvert, the two Maine Projectors for Wine, etc.
Waterloo Man
Authur O'Bradly
Jolly Companions every one
The Ladies Joy &c &c
De \\ niewwe \\ orga= \\ nio \\ satie. \\ 1795. \\ Het Ith Jaar der \\ Batavsche Vryhyd
Traité sur l'honeur Milita *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . He is  OPEN>> General S.
Jeremiah
Duet
Together let us range the Fields *BRACKETED* ,
Impearled with the morning dew.
Veluti in Speculum
Spectemur Agendo
To Boston VI Miles
To Salem
Reform
Peace
Liberty
Equality
no Slave Trade
Peace
Order Order
Defence
Make room for Precedence
Bulse
A new Song to the Tune of Tantatarara, Rogues all
From the left side of the booth may be seen Alexander the Little
From the right may be seen Alexander the Great
Comparison between Alexander the Great and the Dey of Algiers a Farce
To be seen here the Characters of Tamerlane and Bajazet
Impeachment with a grand Procession
A Tragi-comi-Exhibition called the Nabob in Purgatory
A very curious black Bear
Carlo Khan's triumphal Entry . . .
Sublimity
Attic
Wisdom
Argument
Knoledge
The Prodigious Monster arrived from the East
Black Secretary
The Oratorical Tragedy, or the Power of the pathetic over the beautiful
<<CLOSE - -----he would drown the stage with tears
and cleave the general ear with horrid Speech
Hamlet
Dancing on the Tight-Rope
Executed for the Benefit of Mr Somebody at the Expence of John Bull
Patriotic Allegory, by Peregrine Castigator
Quack! quack! quack!
Cartwright and 38!!!
Annual Parliaments & Universal Suffrage, deceased
'Tis all vel at Vindsor
Does jarvey *BRACKETED* mean to start on his own account? Them leaders seem tohave it all their own way
Achilles
Ready to start, your Honour
Orange Pe—l
He made each felley turn his coat | And caught each rat by the tail
The Cunning Hen
or they'll bolt with the coach
Paddy Whack!
The Oeld  OPEN>> un
I drove the Long Tail Blacks *BRACKETED* for fifty years. I drove your dad, your honour
A Kow-Cumber
I say, Jemmy All-Weather *BRACKETED* , keep your eye on them fellies of the Sovereign—they're arter no good: See they dont prig our luggage. That coach is their own, they think
A Man of All-Weathers
I was once a bright lad, | But now I'm a Cad
The Man wot missed his mark
Once in Batter sea | NoW-in-Chelsea
Anti-Catholicism
Death's heads and marrow bones, are now my portion
A drive from Dublin
One kick from the leader floor'd me
The Man wot owns the Vestminster
Long Franky
I used to go by the John Bull, now I goes by the Sovereign
John Bull, broke down
The Last Stage
Taxation
Trade
All the World's a Stage, and all the Men and Women merely players
Dedicated to Mr. Whitbread.  OPEN>> Dear Sam, repeat my Words, but not my Actions.
Vive l'Empereur! how happy we are!!!
Vive l'Empereur.
N
Vestry
Imperial Cross
Scarecrow
Arsenic for the Poor Sick of Jaffa
Dearly beloved brethren, Honour, Country, Liberty! this is the order of the day; far from us all idea of conquest, bloodshed and war. Religion and true Philosophy must ever be our maxim. Liberty, a free Constitution, and no Taxes, that is our cry. No Slave-Trade; humanity shudders at the very thought of it!! The brave, the excellent English detest it. Yea we shall all be happy. Commerce, Plenty, and all sorts of pretty things will be our lot. Good Jacobins rise and assert your rights. And you, brave Soldiers, the honour of France, Plunder and Blood shall once more be your cry. Double pay and cities burnt will come down in showers upon you. Yea! ye shall all be Generals, all be Members of the Legion of Honour! The Eagles will once more cover the world. Now is the time to destroy Great Britain, that treacherous country which always seeks our ruin. Honour and Victory will lead us.  OPEN>> Dear Countrymen, without good faith there is no tie in this world. Dear Jacobins, we all acknowledge no God, and nothing else. Let the altars be lighted up, and your organs play the Marseillois, that sacred air, which fires every Frenchman's breast. Yea, I swear by this holy cross I now hold in my hands, and in this sacred place, where you are all free and without restraint, that my intentions are pure, and that I wish for nothing else but Peace, Plunder, and Liberty. Amen!!
Nay then I say Amen
Honor and Honesty
N° 45 To the K
Essay on Woman
Love and Loyalty
Morris's Songs
Fitz and good Company
The Cabinet of Comicalities . . . by T. Spiller, Comedian
a maid at fifty-five
the man who dies, i.e. dyes, not only for her but for half the town
The Times
the Genius of the London Magazine
The Fashions
Continental Histor *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ;  OPEN>> State Sharping
Freewill
Bigotry
200,000£
Dearness of Provisions
Prerogative
Pension
Patriotism
The Drama
Bon Ton
Popularity
Corruption
Nabobships
Bankruptcies
Crim. Con.
Fraud
Folly
Blest Genius! still be thine the arduous task; From motley Times to draw the Iron mask. On Errors eye to pour thy splendid ray, And give the glories of eternal Day
Paragraph
Pamphlets
Letters
Extortion
Libel
Ignorance
Illnature
Plagiarism
Letchery
Austerity
Falsehood
Vulgarality
Scandal
Merit
Inhumanity
Apprehension
Seven Deadly Sin
Bastardy
Cowardice
Gallstones
Treachery
Spleen
Disease
Defamation
Cruelty
Reservoir for Friends
Quackery
Buffoonery
Belzebub
Insinuation
Assassination
Flattery
Damnation
Affidavit
Plunder
Poverty
Genius
Memoirs
Death of Characters is Life to me; this is Faith
I wont be troubled with you - your *BRACKETED* are too bad for me; this is Hope
Hypocrisy
Imposition
Prostitution
Deceit
Desertion
Moral Duties
Religious Duties
Wine
Treasury Bench
British Spirits
Dealer in Maritime Stores
Town Talk
Comfort
Get awa ye loun ye may be au Rogers for the Yankees but you'r no Rogers for us.
My good friends, don't be frigtend *BRACKETED* , & pray don't frighten us & I'll tell you who we are speedily & soon *BRACKETED* . My name is Billy C—rt—s Knight, Alderman Banker & Biscuit Baker. My Friends that are with me are my Cook, & a Captn—& the Man on the Saucepan is the City High bred Hunter indeed we are none of the Rogerers—indeed we are not & may I never swallow another lump of green fat if we intenend *BRACKETED* any thing more then a Jollification.
This is not quite so pleasant as rideing White Surry.
Behold an Hero comely tall and fair! His only Food Phlogisticated Air! Now on the Wings of Mighty Winds he rides! Now torn thro
Hottentots
Gin
Hunt and *BRACKETED* berty
*BRACKETED* nual *BRACKETED* aments
Life in Paris
Ich dien
Credit
Confidence
Budget
This is Milder than the last - and next Year, or the Year after, or the Year after that, and so forth, the Old Score wiped off with a wet Finger, you may have Beer three pence a Pot.
Why, Landlord, its very Pleasant, but its plaguey Windy.
Why if he keeps his Word, he'll leave no good for us to do, then, what a deplorable Situation will be the Minister's of 1800 an Odd!
We have no spirits left - we must import afresh Stock of French
A Correct Plan how 10,000 men may march to Paris by the High Road without being seen or obstructed by a Turnpike. H--k--y.
By these I Can measure the Capacity of all the cabinets of Europe.
Fortifications of Dunkirk
actualy taken from the French at Dunkirk
Book of Common Prayer
Slave Trade
The Weight of these Honors makes me blush like the new Blown Rose
Places
Pensions
Sinecures
Profits
Rewards for past Services
Expectances
Appointments
Emoluments &c&c.
Prussia
Denh
Spain Venice
France Italy
Holland
Sweden
Portugal
People have nothing to do but to Obey
I would complain if I dared.
Taxes Trebled Quadrupled &c
Tax
Prusia Mourning for the Money not the Man
A new mode of reconciling a Distracted People
Opposition an old Song
Quiberon, with an exact representation of the manner of Killing off
18,000 Per Ann.
Savings
Hoot lad we re come to get some Places
What! three more Secretaries
Sinecure
Place
Annuity
Pension
Post
Sterling British Corn
"Bat-catching, *BRACKETED* does not require much art, for, flying always in the Night, they are easily attracted by a Dark-Lanthorn & being always hungry, may be easily caught, by a few Cheese-Parings, or Candle Ends; - they are so rapacious, that if they once get into the Granary, they never cease devouring, while there is any thing left.
come Come along the Tennis match will be all Over a rare match between Will - the Marker and the Frenchman so Come along.
This Evening the Road to Ruin Mr Munden . . . and Goldfinch by Mr Barry *BRACKETED* with the Reclaimed Rake
I will not come no - no
Cripplegate
O Dam me what a Cake Thats your Sort.
crops
high-collared coat, several under waistcoats, buckskin breeches covering his calves, short boots, long spurs, high-crowned hat, hair to the extreme etc.
Written and composed by Mr. Rhodes; and Sung with unbounded Applause by Mr. Dowton, of the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane, in his Entertainment of Summer-Amusement
cit's
Eaton boys
vanton Eaton boys
popt Vite in the vater
Don't be alarmed Great Ghost I have just taken a step to the land of Spirits to inform you how much I was mistaken in respect of your character while you were on earth I could not then perceive the difference of being in place and out but now I perfectly understand it I am following your steps as close as possible tickling of them up by wholesale you have indeed left us a Bed of Roses
To London
To The Majority St Stephens Westmr Free Duke or no Duke
Free
"God bless the Queen - The fittest dish /  OPEN>> To set before a King!
N° 12
On piping to dinner he ask'd what the Seamen din'd upon, he was answered it was Ban-yan day: then said he let me have some Pease hot from the Coppers. A Punch Bowl full were instantly served up. Tom Bowling had the honor of feeding the R------l Guests, who went away highly pleas'd with their nautical luncheon
bag
The grapes which round this Cavern grow in plenty My new Friend Fox will prove to each a dainty.
He he he------he They both are for me
England
Sweeden
A Bas le Tyran
I think I can now pretty well ascertain the ingredients of which this insect is composed - viz, - Ambition, and self sufficiency, two parts - Forgetfulness one part, - some light Invasion Froth, on the surfase and a prodigious quantity of fretful passion, and conceited Arrogance! in the residue!!
Examiner
Come fly to these arms, nor let beauties so bloomy To one frigid owner be tied, The Prudes may revile, and the old ones look gloomy, But dearest we've Law on our side. . . . And ev'n should our sweet violation of duty By cold blooded jurors be tried, They can but bring it in, a  OPEN>> Misfortune
Hold! Hold my good Sir! go a little more slowly For grant I thus guiltily sigh'd, Such sinners as we are a little to lowly To hope to have Law on our side. Had you been a great Prince, to whose star shining oe'er 'em, Then people should look for thier *BRACKETED* guide, Then your Highness *BRACKETED* might kick down decorum, You'd always have Law on your side. . . . But for you Sir Crim Con. is a path full of troubles, By my advice therefore abide And leave the pursuit to those princes and nobles Who have such a Law on their side.
Too busy Senates with an over care,  OPEN>> To make us better than our kind can bear,  OPEN>> Have dash'd a spice of Envy in the laws,  OPEN>> And straining up to high have spoil'd the cause;  OPEN>> Yet some wise Nations break the cruel chains,  OPEN>> And own no laws but those which Love ordains.
Trial / Mar *BRACKETED* / Crim / Decem / -Dam / £20,00 .. Above it:  OPEN>> L'Amour par tyrannie obtient  OPEN>> ce qu'il demande,  OPEN>> S'il parle il faut ceder; Obeir  OPEN>> s'il commande  OPEN>> Et ce Dieux *BRACKETED* , tout aveugle, et tout  OPEN>> enfant qu'it *BRACKETED* est,  OPEN>> Dispose de nos cœurs, quand et  OPEN>> comme il lui plait
Plate sin with Gold.  OPEN>> And the strong lance of Justice hurtless breaks  OPEN>> Arm'd in rags, a pigmy's straw doth pierce it.
tripe and trotter shop
Sung by Mr Grimaldi
She with a joint-stool broke the peace and Tommy's head together
The Broad-bottom Leviathan trying to swamp Billy's old-Boat, & the little Corsican tottering on the Clouds of Ambition -
the Billy Pitt
Leviathan
Opposition Clamour
Detraction
Envy
Rule Britannia! - Britannia Rules the Waves!!
Sheerness Harbour
The Good Old Royal George
Poland
Russia
Germany
Prussia
Italy
Holland
Projet pour Sub-juger *BRACKETED* la Mer
French Habits, N° 2
St Pat . .
New System of Fortune Hunting
Lady Mary Rotten Rump St James Square 30,000£
Potatoes
That you shine in a Pirouette, I readily admit, but for standing long, & steadily upon one leg, I flatter myself that I enjoy some reputation
I defy any man to turn round quicker than I can
My Dear Friends & Constituents, had I not possessed Principles suited to all occasions I never could have sat so long in the House as I have done: of my abilities in this respect, it is scarce necessary to repeat to you the Coalition with that Upright Man Lord North, whose detestation of the American War is well known to you all. - of my assertion of the Unquallified Right of the Prince to the Regency without your consent *BRACKETED* ; & also the exalted character I gave our Beloved Friend O Connor at Maidstone *BRACKETED* , Now is it any wonder Gentlemen that I should leave off Speechifying in the House, when I had the Mortification to hear every one hint, that is an old story, - give us something new - Now Gentlemen this is the Place to be heard!! here I am sure of attention *BRACKETED* here I am sure of a majority this is the Place to expatiate on the affairs of the Nation to abuse the Ministers! to dispute the Acts of the Senate & to Spew out Sedition in defiance of all Law Huzza, Huzza Huzza!!!
Resolution
"I am ever ready to exert my abilities for my Constituents; but I am the best Judge where!!!
Huzza, to the Bank to Morrow my lads iheres Plenty of Corn there.
Aye, Aye, made a good thing of it in the Borough.
D------n the Law I say.
bad luck to Pitt.
The Kings Head C.I.F.
Yes, lost a Daylight in Bishopsgate Street
Thunder Lightning Wind Rain
Gather your Rose-Buds while you may
Nursery
Hot House
Two Bunches of Penny Primroses
Essence Bergam ...
2/6
Ah messieurs ne m'etouffé pas sauvez moi la vie.
mon cher ami cet homme la Respire de votre coté.
Reposé *BRACKETED* vous sur moi mon ami son affaire est faite
Or the Idol Bel and the Dragon
Beth Gelert. The grave of the GRA Y. Hound
Anglicanus
Christian Instructor
You are the Author of that infamous libel; with this weapon i smite all my enemies. Take that blow for your temerity
/ vow that I am not, Spare me, Spare me!! from another blow, and I shall pray for thee
Mrs. Q.
Q
Q
Q
trial
Der Freischütz
A Design for a Threadneedle Case
O Yes! O yes! O yes! Lost stolen strayed or otherwise Mislaid some Millions of Bank Tokens whoever will bring one of the same to Mr Harry H—Ass—e *BRACKETED* shall receive 5s/6d reward and no Questions Ask'd
I has got none, but if I could find some would the pay me in gold?
Dollars
Fudge & Co—Lottery Tickets Cent pr Cent premium
Extraordinary Gazette
5 Shilling & 6 pence for a Dollar
Vat vil you give me to peep at a Guinea old Dad
O, what a noble sight I neer shall see the like again
I'll give you a Cack for a Rhyme to a Token
Speedy Disp . . .
A promise & pycrust are easily Broken
Advice—Begin nothing of which you have not well considred the End
Dollars for Paveing
Dollars to Pave Cavens *BRACKETED* in Spain
Thread papers
paper
The Trade Supplid
Paper / Warehouse
Gull Trap
Money Box
Gulls
I promise to pay to Mr *BRACKETED* or Be *BRACKETED* £one—Puff
two Shillings
money taken in pledge Paper Lent
Faith
10 per cent Discount Off Old Gold & Silver Spanish Dollars & Joes pegodas *BRACKETED* & Guineas—taken in Exchange for paper or old Rags
Bullion wanted for Exportation
Theatre Roy *BRACKETED* Blind Bar *BRACKETED* ,—Hit or Miss *BRACKETED* —. . . Pr Rex . . . No money Returned
Stock *BRACKETED* Exchange for Rags to Grind
Magical Mill
Treasury Stream
Faith
stream
Credit
Law
Paper
Fools cap
Gold dust ground into Bl^ank tissue paper Best Price given for White Linin Rags
Dollars bought 5/6 each
Treasury Stream
Bank Restriction
Weeping Willy
Pitts Head Assembly House
Dr D'or—Patentr of Pills for a Broken Constitun
Stocks Consols Reduced
Treasury Stream
Libel
Vic Vic Vic Heigh rat Gib heigh rat
XO
Pepper
Sugar Plumb's
O the Roast Beef
Train Band
Sugar
Bone of Contention
King
Chancery
Harr *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Mercury with his caduceus hovers over the dispute, unseen by the antagonists. In the background is a landscape with two small buildings and a mule-train *BRACKETED* winding up-hill towards a sign-post on the extreme right, inscribed  OPEN>> To ye Continent
Bo *BRACKETED* tons Patent Dollar Stamp Soho
Rat Trap
Dollars
Over the Hills & far away
5 Miles from Thre *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The sky above their heads is filled with birds *BRACKETED* inscribed  OPEN>> Cormorents
Wise Men of the East
I Perceive All
Gt Seal
5 hundred Millions £ I promise to pay
Ballast
Consol/ations
Sadler Chancellor
Captial *BRACKETED* / New inented *BRACKETED* / Conveyancer / Transferable / Property
OMNI—UM!!
Quod Exit in
kit
Monsieur, Sare, every ting depend pon lam to dance, widout dat you can do no ting at all in dis Worlt, for if you will get a Wife wid great deal Money, eh by Gar! you must dance away to Scotland, if you run in debt ver much, eh by Gar you must dance away from your Creditor, if you want a place from de great Lor, eh by Gar you must dance attendance, oh all de World dance every day, de Frenchman he dance after de Liberté, de Spaniard he dance away from Lor Nelson, den Lor Nelson dance after him, de Italian he dance to de Opera, den dance away wid your Money de Alderman he dance after de Turtle, so voila all de World von grand contré dance.
Arrah my dear Honey! and haven't I danced all the way from Sligo in order to pick up a Tight little partner to Jigg it to Scotland with me, and pay the piper into the bargain by Jasus to be sure I have.
Thats a Devilish good Hint, Monseer, so I'll lead off, without waiting for a partner, or some of my Creditors will be for Calling the Dance.
cit
O dear Heart! I could dance 20 miles after Turtle, in spite of the Gout.
Ah! the Mon says Vary true, I have been dancing attendance on a great Laird these twa Year and ha got nothing but promises. I be na so lucky as my Friend Johnny M'Cree
They have led us a preetty dance sure enough, but shiver my timbers if we Won't make *BRACKETED* sing out for it when we do catch them
Good bye Jack Bull I go dance home wid de Guiné!
"Thus Life is like a Country Dance, the World a spacious Ball Room
Cock a doodle doo
Qui avec le General Gates aidoit de enviroñer le General Lieutenant Bourgoyne, que toute l'Armee se rendit Prisoniere, et l'obligea de mettre bas les Armes
To the Right Hon'ble Charles Manners Sutton, | Speaker of the House of Commons in six successive Parliaments— | Whose last act in his official character was the first which did not give universal satisfaction |  OPEN>> The first Commoner amongst Gentlemen, and the first Gentleman among Commoners
The question is that I do now leave the Chair—as many as are of that opinion say aye, of the contary say no.—
Regicides, Parricides, Fratricides, & Patricides, this is the Effects of your Insatiable thirst for Conquest, this is Your reward for my Glorious Achievements in Italy, Germany, &c - to die by the Hand of an Assassin, - a D------d Musselman; & all my Brave Legions Destroyed by Water Melons & the Arabs. Go Murderers in Cold Blood; may your Conscious Guilt ever prey upon your Vitals; & may the Name of Nelson ever haunt you Sleeping & waking.
Item to send Buonaparte to Egypt to prevent his organizing the Directory
Oh! We're lost!—Lost, lost for ever!
Proclamation for Dissolving the Parliament
Petition of the unrepresented
Black Dwarf
Penny Subscription
The Lawyer
Axe to root
Liberty or Death
White Hats
Crape
Liberty
I'm sure if your honor will but continue me as Housekeeper, or in any capacity I'd be very certain to give you the greatest satisfaction—Likewise my poor husband would be happy to render himself useful in any way
Bijouterie
Red Book
De Lone
Newgate
On dit
Slander
Absolute Wisdom
A Trifling Mistake
Discord
Powerful Goddess deign to hear our prayers, deserted in this our great extremity by justice and wisdom, we fly to thee as a last refuge!—
Votaries
Thomas and Paul Sandby
The Soldier risks Health, Life and Limbs, his Fortune to advance, While Pique and Vestris Fortune make, by one Night's single Dance And a dancing we will go, will go, &c
Religion & the Laws — or
Dearly beloved bretheren! I shall conclude, by enumerating a few of the leading Chracteristics *BRACKETED* of a true Christian—first;  OPEN>> to do unto all men, as ye would that they shoud do unto you,
to love thy Neighbour as thyself, indeed brotherly love, & kindness to each other, is a principal point in Christianity,—a Christian should also be merciful— Chirst *BRACKETED* himself expressly says,  OPEN>> I will have Mercy & not sacrifice
Forgive us our trespasses . . . *BRACKETED* —he must walk at all times in the fear of God, & keep his commandments— lowly & meek in spirit—sober, & honest in all his dealings—these my dear friends are the duties of a true Christian—Peace & good will unto all Men—Amen.
You Mr Constable take the Children that you found doing nothing, & see them get a sound whiping, & take those Bunters to the House of Correction *BRACKETED* & take those blackguard Reformers, also, that I've committed for shouting. Some of these Reformers will come to the Gallows. I see the Rope already round their necks—by the bye there is a meeting of those rascals to day *BRACKETED* go order the soldiers out to disperse them with the point of the swoard *BRACKETED* —Mr Clark make out those warrants for Distress for my tithes, on Farmer Hard-work & the others, Devil take 'em, they had the impudence, to tell me *BRACKETED* :  OPEN>> The New Jail
New Barrack to hold 10,000 men
cits
warehouse
I shall be lost in the Jordan
Where should a wounded Tar be but in the Cockpit?
1000l a year for the use of the Jordan
Diana
Cestus
Dorset
Cuckoo
A Scene, in the green Boxes between Lord Doodle and Miss Tittup, with her Mamma at an humble distance
What a charming life I lead to what I did - my Lord likes me - and I like my Lord
Satirist
Paull's Pamphlet
Wimbledon Expenditure
Training Bill
Plan for Blowing open Hell gates
Melville's acquittal
Temple
Stationery
Letter to Dr Gaskin
Country Dances
Protested Bills
H
Little Red Riding Hood
The Forty Thieves
Whig Club
Satirist
Barouche driver & his Wife
Sleeping Beauty
Satirist
Persius
Juvenal
Horace
Italy and Switzerland
Malta
This d-d Ass gets so entangled and unruly - I'm afraid I shall never be able to reach Malta.
O'er Countrys I'll trample, where threats, may prevail But must let those, alone, where they will not avail For on looking around me, to find where to prance To touch Malta, might be destruction to France
on his entering into Campaign in Portugal. March 25. 1812 dedicated without permission to C Tappe Esqre
You see General the young Cornet is not fit to go to battle in this sad condition.
By G—d Surgeon, he looks d—sh sore, we will leave him behind & make him Commandant of Santarem.
Werter
Charlotte preserved from destruction by Albert and Hymen whilst Werter in the excess of Frenzy puts an end to his existance
Werter
Werter
Articles of Impe *BRACKETED* nt
Cash Dr
Cash C *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  with ruled  OPEN>> £ s. d.
Treaty of Peace with the Mahrattas
Cheyt Sing
Had Hastings been accus'd in Verres
Error of his Way
d the good Defaulter
Suky like Syrinx changes shape, Her vain pursuer to escape; Ye Snapps; of Pans hard fate beware Who thought his arms embrac'ed the fair But found an emty Bum-case there
Here's  OPEN>> comfort when we fret
OPEN>> Comfort when we fret
OPEN>> I am quite overpowered
Ah this is now the greatest consolation which we have left. I wish some one would give poor Palmy a cup
cit
Tax upon Income
"Clarence is Come
On my part nothing to that end shall fail. I'll not leave a Stone unturned.
Bless me how easy Mr Bull is Humbugged!
New Times
6d
Old Times
3d
"Quoth C ..... e heav'n inspir'd
Standing Army of 130.000 Men / a numerous & extravagant Military Staff.
The Cause of the Bourbons
cit
Bills unpaid
Prop / rty Tax
Bills unpaid
Irish Economy—reducing the number of Clerks & Commissioners in the public departments to a peace Establishment by turning adrift all the wretched & necessitous Drudges of 50l a Year *BRACKETED* & at the same time augmenting the already enormous Salaries of those who remain, thereby rendering the different Government Offices more burthensome & expensive than they were in time of War.
Civil List.
A Fact—The enormous Sum, of £10.000 a year charged to the Nation for Dining half a dozen Officers belonging to the Guard at St James's for performing the important service of Watching the Crows in the Park.
Expenc of keeping Bonaparte in St Helena £300.000—Military Guard, 10.000 Cruisers 10.000, Table 10.000.
Just Published.
The Age of Wonders or the Blessings of Peace more desructive *BRACKETED* to the English than the horrors of War.
Prices Tallow
E L L
Maiden Speech red cut & dried S & T script
Electioneering squibs
you will support our Cause?
I'll bet you £500
Come brother Pug I must tie up your paws from that diversion, or you will ruin us all.
Good bye Bet
Huzza
will of
Deed
Here we go up! up! up.
Majority by base Poors Rates - Partiality, Injustice &c, &c, &c.
To bad for his Majesty Service
56 Miles
Remains of an Old Associate
Stop Thief
Pray admit me I'll do any thing for a Crown
I pity you - but hence and depart in peace
Arise and be exalted
Open to the Honest and Honorable
Reflections on the Frh Revolution \\ Book to swear by *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . He has made a Peace Offering to the King by a fire in which are burning his wig *BRACKETED* and papers inscribed  OPEN>> Impeachment Oriental *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Inflammatory Speeches
Hurled from the Throne by Providence
The Influence of the Crown ought to be diminished
Rights of Man
Treasury
Private Views
Sacred to Friendship
And it may be asked what Credit ought to be given to his East India oratorical Representations, when mere apprehension provokes him, in a manner equally solemn, to Accuse his dearest Friends of a Design against the Constitution of this Country
More Money
Increase of Income
Garter, inscribed  OPEN>> Honi . . . Pense
Expences of Pavillion
d° of Thatch'd Cottage
D° of Furniture
D° of Pall Mall
Pulling down Rebuilding &c Pulling down again for New Street!
Drinking Expence
Economy
This bolus to be taken immediately
Petition against Property Tax
Aye, this comes of your cursed Pill economy which you forced me to take a Month back, no one knows what I have suffered from this Econmical *BRACKETED* Spasm; I am afraid we shall all be laid up togather.
Budget
Property Tax
Economy
Standing Armies
increase of Salaries
My Children that is not your God, but I am
Let us keep it for our own Benefit
If Religion falls Adieu to our Stalls.
We starve by Religion; Down with the 39 Articles
Let them that live by the Gosple *BRACKETED* Support it
Ha! Ha! Ha! How easily we can frustrate all their endeavours with a well-timed diversion. Ye Gods! What havock doth corruption Make amongst your works
Look out, Bob, and pick up that old Whig *BRACKETED* there.
Ay, ay, I'll catch it up—It'll just do to hold the Seal.
What - What - Gambeir *BRACKETED* Gulliver the 2d, he - Gulliver the 2d - more Nelsons - more Nelsons - brave fellows!
Zealand
Hold your Jaw. you know as how you used to go & rob our forfathers you lubber - and so you wanted to assist that french Monkey to do it again, he, but it would not do.
Curse that fellow, here Tally Stop him - what will nobody stop him - then begar we never shall invade England, & all our schemes are frustrated.
I'll sell at 14 instead of 25
Oh Lord I will find some Grain. I will indeed, I'll bring a Thousand Quarters next market Day
Indeed I will find Bullocks & Sheep in Plenty.
Thank God there is an Upright Judge on Earth who will plead the cause of the Poor, and prevent rich Villians from feeding Luxuriously at the expence of the Lives of the industrious Poor.
Shield of Chatham
East India Bill
American War
These were your Ministers
Of all Life's Dainties, says K--tch--n, Turtle is the most bewitching
They have not the least Idea, of the Paris Idion. *BRACKETED* -oh! mon Dieu!
Ah! Mon Coeur-plein d'Amour, pour un bon Place a Cour.
Ici, Je vous entends.
Begar de Spanish Cow is more intelligable *BRACKETED* .
The Grammer
Wounds, when Master Billy sees I in a Red-Cap, how he will stare! - egad; I thinks I shall cook em at last. - well if I could but once get a Cockade to my Red Cap, & a bit of a Gun - why, I thinks I should make a good stockey Soldier!
Billy-Black-Soul *BRACKETED* , Hatter, & Sword-cutler \\ Licenced to deal in Hats and Swords.
Stamp-Office
We're all ruinated, Sir! - all diddled, Sir!! - abus'd by Placemen, Sir!!! - Bankrupts all, Sir! - not worth Sixteen Pounds, Ten Shillings, Sir! -  OPEN>> . From his coat pocket project bundles of papers:  OPEN>> Ignorance of ye Old Administration
Stupidity of ye New Administration
Charges against the Ministry
Ministerial Tricks
Plunders
Blunders
Collusion
Impeach *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ;  OPEN>> Punishm *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Behind him, and next his vacant seat, sits Tyrwhitt Jones, listening with a fierce scowl, a pen in his mouth, his hat beside him; he holds a bulky sheaf of  OPEN>> Notes
This Picture!
This!!
HYPERION to a SATYR!!! Hamlet
Satyr
Here they are my Lord, here's the slunk Calves, by Gxx - no allusion, dxm'me! - almost forgot you was a North-Countrey-Man! - Runt carries weight well! - no less than Thirteen damme! - come push about the Bottle, & I'll tell you the Story; - In Scotland they eat no Veal, by Gxx! nothing but Staggering-Bobs, - by Gxx! - on my Honor & Soul I mean no insult! - but Tattersal he swore, d------n me, if he didn't, - that on a small Scotch Runt, he saw, Gxx dxxn my blood, - how many d'ye think he saw? - *BRACKETED* - why Calves! - Staggering-Bobs to-be-sure! - why d'ye think he saw Seventeen? - no! - but dxxme, by Gxx, he saw Thirteen!!! - & all just upon such another little Cock-Horse as my own!!!
This Print is dedicated to Lord Exxxl *BRACKETED* , his Party, & the Frequenters of Steevens's in general.
1793
Arthur
Philidel
Majority
Grimbald
Minority
Asia
Victory! victory! Vice is in chains, . . . Victory! victory! Virtue reigns, vide King Arthur
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Government Castle
My Lords and Gentlemen remember Kingdoms fall by discord
To order, to order
You plague us more than Congress
You are enemies to both Church and Castle
You expose all our plans to the enemy
You want our heads to get into our places
Our plans were good tho' unsuccessful
Destruction to Patriots
Success Boys to the Bombardment
Give them no Cessation
The Fox Bomb for ever
Expecting promotion
They will certainly soon surrender
How much Specie have you got left?
Treat speedily with America
No Landman ought to preside at the Admiralty
the war hath cost 100000000£
You have lost us America
You err both in law and policy
This is hot work for both parties
Come Jolly Bacchus God of Wine!
No saucy remorse . . .
March 10th 1783 Sir . . . put off three times . . . due now near six years; besides two new suits . . . bear it no longer . . . not paid by Tuesday next . . . will arrest you ...go to goal for you Yrs Thos Thimble To Captn Squander
See Mr Pennant's literary life. P. 21.
let me see - 25 Millions! how are we Ruin'd? - 10 pr Cent for my Money! - income tax taken off! - well! - well! - well! -  OPEN>> . *BRACKETED* , behind him is the hooded chair of the door-keeper. Addington, in profile to the right, makes his budget speech; in his hand is a paper:  OPEN>> 25 Mill. Loan
Treaty *BRACKETED* Peace
Tell him I am not at home
Sure - you dont say so!!
Steel traps & Spring Guns Set in these Grounds & Fortifications
To Goodwood
Solid men of Brighton take care of your houses Solid men of Brighton take care of your Spouses &c
Tell him I am going to set off for London.
Curse on their Prudish maxims!! we'll teach the rising race of Royalty to rise above such Vulgar Prejudices
Any one found poaching on these premises will be prostituted *BRACKETED* prosecuted
To Barwell Hall
To Bognor
Turtle that under some cold stone / Days & nights full thirty one / Rich green fat hath sleeping got / Boil we first i
Sturgeon, Cod, Turbot to *BRACKETED* / If some's not fresh keep that i
'Twill take of coals at least a chaldron / To boil the ingredients of our cauldron
Hubble bubble toil & trouble fire burn and cauldron bubble
Privileges
Undue Influence
Plumper
Moral Pestilence Boroughs Bought!!
Corruption
Rottenness
Religion and Humanity
He he he! oh how funney how the glass rattles. My turn now
To Richmond
"I'm a gay young youth
Wood
Bar
Ton | Clay Balls
Boroughs To Sell
Impotent Rage
Mill Stone
There Rascal, Take your law, but I'll give you some justice first
The Age
Alas poor Molly
Put that in your Paper
Great Brittain
Ireland
Hurra Dan pull away we"ll soon put the tail where the Head should be
Oh then! and wont the tail wag more  OPEN>> illegant
Pull My tail off!!! I've a great mind to send you all to the Devil, as I could do in a minute
TIMES—The Tradesman
"a general stagnation every thing at a stand—
CHRONICLE—The Politician
"Bribes, Rotten Boroughs, & coruption
HERALD—Man of the World
Egad! I'll advertise Myself—for a smart girl with 10000
MORNING POST—The Lounger
"To Night
MORNING ADVERTISER—Publican
"The Police are on the Sharp look out after some strongly suspected of adultering their beer
PRICE CURRENT—The Merchant
"Starvation Famine
LONDON GAZETTE—The Pettifogger
"Twelve new bankrupts
COURT NEWSMAN—New Baronet
"Sir John F addle
PUBLIC LEDGER—The East Ender
"Wanted for his Majesty's Ship Lion an assistant surgeon
LIFE IN LONDON—The Flash Man
Ned planted his fives against Bobs garret window & Bob returnd it in Neds kitchen
Bell's Life in London
WEEKLY FREE PRESS—The Radical
Political Register
"He concluded with down with the Boroughmongers—and—and loud cheers
WORLD—The Sunday School Teacher
"The Rev Gent begd them to consider that even a penny a week subscription might be the means of saving some poor soul who whould be otherwise burning for ever and ever.
The World
The unfortunate Dey of Algiers
I'm very sorry your Highness but we dare not cut the mans head off, altho
Not cut a slaves head off!!! I
The Fortunate Earl of E—r
Pleas your Lordship hear's a list of all your tennants who voted contrary to your Lordship's injunctions
Oh! very well Latitat give them all warning to quit it will starve some of the rascals
Heres  OPEN>> Social order
Pleas Zur wot be I to Zay?
Say, This is the truth, & nothing but the truth so help Me God one & sixpence
Sitting for the admission of members
You see young man we all contribute something to the general stock, I make shoes, another clothes a third brews and a fourth bakes now what can you do that's usefull?
Oh! Sir I was brought up a Gentleman
Why thats one of the fellows that used to call me sufferer!! you wont do
Stop Brother Snip, the community wants a scavenger
poor young man
The poor may do without the rich, combine to suply *BRACKETED* each other with the necessarys of life, live in perfect equality & have leasure to improve their minds, *BRACKETED* A vessel,  OPEN>> The State
No Officers Hurra; Hurra No officers all hands abaft!!; All Officers all
Three O Clock! well as I have done work for to day shall I go hear a lecture on physioligy astronomy or the Belles Lettres? or shall I take a lesson in Dancing or the Piano Forte
Elegant Extracts
March of Intellect
Protestant Petition against Catholic Emancipation
You are too late—the Levee is broken up!
Too late say you! Impossible! Why they promised to wait till I came & promised to make a Knight of me & promised that I should be received with Dignity & honor but after such scurvy behaviour I shall put no more faith in Man, for if a Prince treats A King with contempt, what may we not Expect? So, after all my Voyages & travels it appears that I came hither for no other purpose but to regulate my Watch by St Paul's & then go back again!—however I shall lose no further time in Escaping from this D—d City of London where the People take no more Notice of me than a Parish Watchman!—if ever I come on such a wild Goose chace again, may I be choak'd with Cartridge Paper!!!
—Measter be Yorkshire too
Consistency
Woolsack
REFORM!!! Let who will be Minister I pledge myself to bring forward my motion—on the 25 *BRACKETED* —FUDGE!!!
York you are Wanted
"Ban ban Harry Brougham *BRACKETED* Has a new Master—so get a new Man vide Tempest
—Not a Rat *BRACKETED* Shall disturb this hallow'd House For here's Broom sent before To sweep the dirt behind the Door vid. Shakspeare
locusts
Come Bill curse it do'nt be wasting your time over that one, because—it's more gaudy than the rest of em. I want the whole of the Warmint exterminated D—n. em—no wonder I'm on the brink of ruin, when they Strip my Corn-Field's like this—and leave me nothing but the Gleanings
Paradise Lost
The Instrument of all our Woe
NB: The above performance containing Portraits of the Devil & his Relatives, drawn from the Life, is recommended to Messrs Boydell, Fuselli & the rest of the Proprietors of the Three Hundred & Sixty Five Editions of Milton now publishing, as necessary to be adopted, in their classick Embellishments.
Paradise Lost
------------black it stood as night, Fierce as ten Furies, terrible as hell, And shook a dreadfull dart: what seemd his head The likeness of a Kingly crown had on;
"Had not the Snaky-Sorceress that sat,  OPEN>> Fast by hell-gate, and kept the fatal Key,  OPEN>> Ris'n, and with hideous outcry rushd between
That though his heart was very good / His head was the wrong way
The Hag of Jersey
My dear
As you are writing drowsily by the fire, on rousing and recollecting yourself, find your Guardian in possession of your secret thoughts, which he never ceases to upbraid you of
Meteor
Romeo
Cock a doodle doo.
Debates
Interest Tables
Whtbr *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . John holds a decanter of  OPEN>> Conscience Emetic
It do work em rarely to be zure it be better zo than having a continual load on the Stomach tho!
Mercy on me now sick I am! curse this Whitbreads Porter oh Billy, Billy, how is it we you Mon I shall disgorge every thing to the last Baubee!
O Lord afraid I shall reach my heart up by and bye! I never was so sick in all my life
I say, Oronooko, this specimen of horsemanship will astonish the natives—Ducrow may now go to Bartlemy Fair
Aye, aye, Monsieur Mallet, that feat of your's on her tail will be a fine tale for posterity
Rambler's Magazine
I'll give you thirty Guineas for your Brush
Let her G------e have a good Brush
State of Poll Col Meade 2338 Vi Ca . . .
Ye have taken away Useful Harry *BRACKETED* from me and will ye take the Drudging Viscount also? surely I shall be left alone to manage this great Nation.
Now for a Long pull at him
No fear, If he is born to be hanged he will never be Drowned!!!
Down, Down Down Deny, Down
He has only made dive after a good plaice
Aye! Aye! he is a famous gudgeon catcher
A fool to pleasure yet a slave to fame, / Say what  OPEN>> can cause such impotence of mind?/ A spark too fickle or a spouse to kind, / Wise wretch with pleasures too refined to please, / With too much spirit to be ere at ease
Catholic Bill
icolas
Bow-wow—Arthur, keep the Bull quiet, 'till we've settled this turkey.
Miguel,
Bow-wow—That's a fine rope—real Catholic manufacture—I'm not afroid *BRACKETED* now
Pull away, Bob; if we can but keep the old fellow away, we shall get free from these Curs, who I m afraid will bite us.
Aye, aye, Arthur!—I hope the rope won't break
Lieut: Genl Bombardi. . N° 40
Then - My Led and I - his Ledship introduced the Affair you and I know of
Hum-Aye-Mum
J. Sayers.
- a Design for an Equestrian Statue, from the Original in Windsor-Castle.
London Magazine
I am hardup—not a Quid left, or Shot in the Locker—to pay the Fiddler—Mi Eyes—what a Squall, how it whistles trough the Ratlines I must Braill up and Scudd under Bare Poles.
D°
Sundreys
Lodgings
Grog
Fidler
St C
Dr Buchan Family Médecine in 2 Vol
the requisitionary pack
Advocate before Parliament
the Requisitionary Pack
I soon gained the Whip hand of my Jockey!! and I am determined to keep it to.
She drives with a Vengeance to it!! She has taken the Reins entirely out of my hands, and makes me look a - Ninny.
To Claremount
You must go now Boney, as sure as I shall have you in the end! -  OPEN>>  At his side is a small table on which are papers:  OPEN>> Plans of the Invasion
Doubtfull Schemes
Resignations of Generals
Humphrey
N° 27
Catholic Emancipation
Taking Physick
A Gentle Emetic
A Brisk Cathartic
Breathing a Vein
Charming Well again
in at the Death
French Gingerbd Baker
King of Brobdingg & Gulliver
Kick at ye Broad Bottoms
Oh that this too Solid Flesh
Palemon & Lavinia
My Dear little Girl what have you been about, they say you are pregnant - I really dont know your Worship - Some Wicked Wretch is the Cause of this report - But If I have done any thing amiss Sir, I am sure I was Dreaming
climbing boy
The Abbot of Saint Stephen
Whitbreads Intire
What the Deel is the man a boot.
Will force's *BRACKETED* Broom for Suppression of Vice
Attack the Gallopers I am only a poor Trotter.
I am afraid we shall be all drench'd in turn.
Who could have expected this.
Private Chest for Stray provender
Treasury Stall
Army Stall
Navy Stall
"Augeas a King of Elis, had a stable, which was not cleansed for thirty years-yet Hercules cleansed it, in one day. Vid Heathen Mythology
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Ecce minister ego Bacchi, custosq. sacelli, Indicat officium Candida virga meum. Multa equidem merin de praesule, multa decano Sedulitatae, Fide, relligione, mero.
£
I will swear she told me that she got a bedf llow *BRACKETED* whenever she could. that nothing was more Wholesome—that she was pregnant—and the P— should have the Credit of it: she did what she Liked had what bedfellow she Liked & the P— paid for all.
That's D—d good!! we'll have an Indelicate investigation; take another Glass upon the strength of it.
I'll swear to that, or any thing else; so help me Bob.
Curacoa
in extremis
An Exalted Situation, suited to the detestable Crime of Wilful & Corrupt Perjury
Friend of mine
the patriot
The Patriot's eye in a fine phrensy rolling,
Lord Cornwallis defeated, Tippoo Sultan Triumphant, and the British Oppressors extirpated from India.
Please your Honor - I am a Delegate - from the worthy and respectable Society of Hosiers, to know whether your Honor means to extend the Tax to Clocks upon Stockings.
Tax Pen
*BRACKETED* axes
Shoe Strings Knee Strings Hair Strings Halte...
Tax Pens worn out
Tax Pens
Permanent Ink
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
towards a noted Wood, the supposed covering of a favorite nightingale
Public Money
Hunt & Liberty
Lords
Kings
Commons
See the King's solid pillar the centre unites, And the Lords and the Commons uphold British rights: Round the Palace fields wave with abundance of corn, And the reapers sing joyful o'er plenty's full horn, While Ships heavy laden with India's treasures; Enter port to regale us & heighten our pleasures
I am determin'd he shall not govern me, or any of my Family for we all hate him, and long bills, so kick him out or I will make a sive of the old Rogue.
Dash my wig let me have a bang at him, and I'll soon put him in Chancery.
I'll have a touch at his Mitre.
What not let me come in? tho so well recommended I am determined to have a place among you, and if you persevere in refusing me I will excommunicate you all you Cursed Heritics.
My Lords you have not consider'd the matter sufficiently, pray take him by the hand, or Kiss his Toe.
Fire and Brimston! Father Pope, this great Toe of yours has hurt me infernally. I'll pay you off for this when we get below!
*BRACKETED* olic Bill
I will by force support his Holliness.
Give him no Quarter my Lords,
he wants to get into our Treasury.
Turn him out
No Pope
our livings are safe now
No popery
No Inquisition
Out out drive him out
out
out out out
Out with him
Ex Officio
Master
Moniter W P
Moniter S W
Master, George III, peers through his glass at the pair, saying,  OPEN>> What? What? take Bill away, eh, sorry for that, sorry for that, Kept the big boys in Order rarely.
Oh dear, oh dear, Now I shall have No One to take my part.
Navy Account
*BRACKETED* itbread
Parliamentary Practice Aye No No Aye
OPEN>> Parturiunt Montes nascetur ridiculus Mus
Oh! Doctor I feel greatly exhausted
After so severe a labor it is but natural—I would recommend you a composing draught, and to keep very quiet
Well my Dear, How do you feel yourself
Certainly quite unlike all other offsprings of  OPEN>> La Montagne
, and  OPEN>> Well it must be confessed my little Buck that you had Stow-age enough however
I think it a very nice little thing, and far handsomer than a certain great Bantling *BRACKETED* , that I could name
What a pretty little thing
The miserable little abortion can't live
They say, its Mama got a fright
Treasury
Pool of Speculation
Peace within a Fortnight
Omnium
Scrip
4 Pr Cents
The Land of Promise
To America
Tyranny
Venality
Ignorance
To Spain
To France
Court Influence
Despotism
Great is our Lord, and Great is his Power: Yea, and his Wisdom is infinite
botching taylor
To America
Liberty
Bill *BRACKETED* are
Grand National Jubilee for the Peace of 1814—Bill of Fare Hyde Park—a grand Fair Mess Gyngell— Richardson Scowton and Punches Shews a grand sea Fight upon the Serpentine. Fireworks in Kensington Gardens—plenty of Gin and Beer—St James Park— a Ballon—with two illuminated to succeed. Chinese Bridge and Pagoda Boat race on the Canal—fire works—plenty of Port—Sherry Claret champaine &c &c &c Green Park Castle and Temple Fire Works and Royal Booth! Lords . . .
Huzza for the Prince of Princes!—Damn the lying London Papers! may W—d *BRACKETED* be drown'd in one of his Buts! and Tierney be choaked with his long Speeches! here I have your enemies as they should be! I shall stick this in my corn field to frighten the crows! so Huzza again and again for the Prince of Princes.
Ah ha! Johnny, I knew you'd be delighted!
chronicle
corn field
cit
List of the Tythes for the Parish of Guttledown
The Little Dog Bark'd to see such sport
Symbolical of the Effects produced by that Cause which the enlightened *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* in ye Eighteenth Century sagaciously predicted would ultimately prove a Stupendous Monument of Human Wisdom!!!
Rapine
Lust
Murder
Invasion
Jaffa
Wilsons Narrative
British Press
Acre
Egypt
Irel *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , while in the middle of the heart is a triangular patch:  OPEN>> England
French Wine
O Dear! Dear Lord Edward Fitzgerald, the Worthiest, the truest, most hot hearted, the bravest, the best of us All, the most, like myself, and whoever feels for him must feel for me also. We are not only connected by ties of Blood, but ------ As for Politicks we must not enter into - there is nothing however at Paris, in America, Russia, Prussia, Holland, Switzerland, Ireland or at Maidstone, but we have thoroughly Canvassed, and as Ministers you know *BRACKETED* are D------d Ill natured just now we must wait a more favourable opportunity Would to God they would only employ themselves in settling who should be Honorable and who Right Honorable *BRACKETED* , but my nerves are in such a State that I cannot proceed Oh poor Fitzgerald, poor fellow, do not Mistake!! I do not feel for myself at all no not at all!!!
Poor Neddy I shall lose a Job.
I am sure I feel for him poor Neddy.
The Man who can think of his own happiness, while his Friend is in distress deserves to be hunted as a Monster to Society.
here Tom help to empty the Bucketts, or we shall all be drowned
poor Neddy, gone
Ah Poor Neddy! I can't get that cursed Gibbet of Abershawe out of my head
Courier *BRACKETED* Good News from Ir *BRACKETED* the Kings Forces defeated in three different Actions
Ah Poor Neddy
oh Murder my Darling's in Danger oh! oh!
oh dear! oh dear
Treasury Cordial
Never fear your favorite Boy is in no Danger, if I was as well made for fighting I'd challenge them all
D------it one might as well shoot at a Rush light
late Abershaw
oh what a Pity 'tis it did not hit his waistcoat
Shield of Honour
Lacks Rupees added to the Revenue
Rupees Do
Charges
American Subjugation
Saved to the Company
Eastern Gems for the British Crown
Territories acquired by W. Hastings
Beggars Opera
cothurnes
danseuses
The good Qualities of his heart will certainly ruin our plan therefore cut that out first
Thanks from the City of London with £50,000
Innocence Thriumph . .
Angels & Ministers of Grace Defend us
Rambler's Magazine
Kentish Lottery
31,205
Rambler's Magazine
alliance
I and my Horse levy Contributions upon Asses
Divine Balsam for the Ladies
I am Doctor Katch & this is a sovereign Remedy for a sore throat
Begar Me make de fine Puffs & de English swallow dem
I am old Scratch
Rambler's Magazine
What Monsters our Wives have made of us Sir R------d! who would be an Advocate for Matrimony.
Never Mind! Caesar & Pompey were both of them horn'd.
A sailor who Marries deserves to be a Cuckold. While an Admiral is at Sea his Frigate at home must be mann'd.
Mirth with Justice
E'en Farmers dress & mount their Ponies, And all alike, are Macaronies
The New Wonderful Magazine
The Wonderful Magazine
I, who was Con, mean, do you see, Pro Rege, for the King to be
I shall Burst
ho Dear.
dont Distress Your Selves, Ill Assist you!!!
Hoyle|
Hic Niger est.
To the Young Cub on his keeping Madame H------n--l
Westminster Magazine
From sons what Sire such blessing reaps! One never wakes - One never sleeps; Yet both partake his bounty: The Law says, If a man's undone, And pillag'd thus  OPEN>> tween Sun and Sun He's free to sue the County
Lovejoy, Kings arms Tavern
cits
Meteor
Sacred | to the Memory | of | Horace | Laurelless | Etat 33 | Alass Poor | Horace
A bad business this, Grey to break down in our first trial, eh!
All the Boy Paulet's fault Sir, and the hardness of the New Ground; but we hope Sir, to be all sound again in time for our engagements
I never doubted his honesty, tho' I had always some fears for his understanding
I think they hurried him too much in his training
Who's favorite for the Reform stake?
Budget against Althorp for a Pony
They still take the King's lot tho' some say they cant win
They start Russell to make the running for the others
The young uns against the Old!
I'll back the field
A Hint to Mr West for a Painting in St George's Hall
What? - What? - What?
Jersey
"Cheroots of so mild a flavour, as to be smoked by the most delicate female, are imported by I:ff & C
Morning Post
Here are three new unctions for the hair advertised Try them on your own & report to me their properties
Aye this is a very different affair from the monster of last Session every thing we suggested, I percieve has been attended to, hold your tongue Hunt
Take care what you'r saying
I do think if you would not watch his ratting He'd soon find it a matter of expediency
Hollo what sort of a bill is this it's enough to frighten a man when he speaks so in favor of it
Reform bill, Oct. 8it
Here may we never be called to account
Oh! they can do nothing with us if we are
Reform Bill
Burkers
The author hopes he may not be thought making too light of a grave subject, his aim in the above sketch was to exemplify the late curious policy of our Official medical authorities
Sunderland Royal Mail
Coaches start to all parts daily from the red Lion Inn high St
Notice no vessels leaving the port of Sunderland will be allow'd to enter any other port of the united Kingdom
King
Now Boroughmongers Kiss the | rod! . ..Or else I'll lay it on | by ***
Queen
Oh Sapient Torys think not me to play | I have an Heart not to be led astray. See No. 16925. *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> Whiskerando
Before I'd join reforming friskers | I'd lose this lovely pair of whiskers
Old Stick in the Bog
Prejudice Pillar
Reform
My night cap! here I'd rather be a Sleeper | Ere stir a step for fear of getting deeper
Our Willie O
I ought to have been commander in chief | And that's the truth of my belief
Bobadil
If any rascal thinks to act a Bristol whim | With me take notice I shall pistol him
Broomee
Call not your mouldy customs breasures *BRACKETED* , | I'm just the man for sweeping measures
Jack Pudding
Of fired smoke I make a joke | And spin long yarns to please the bairns
The State Doctor
State interest.; Church patronage *BRACKETED* ; Cordials for the Cholera *BRACKETED* ; Bolusses for the Coromongers *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Below:  OPEN>> So many ills I've got to cure | My place I scarcely can endure
The Veteran
Anti Reform
Out should reform's brass trumpet sound | He burns with glory to be crown'd
The police man
I once was a director, now mere rank & file, | To be again an officer on any cause I'd smile
The Blacking Man
Truth to all parties I've been lacking | And all have duck'd me in my blacking
Huntites
Owenites
—Hence to some foreign clime Where only thou canst find thy parallel
The Man wot Wiolates the Grave
Brandy
The True Briton. Theatre Dead Alive. Grand Exhibition in Leicester Square, just arrived from America the Rod of Æsculapius. Perkinism in all its Glory - being a certain Cure for all Disorders, Red Noses, Gouty Toes, Windy Bowels, Broken Legs, Hump Backs. Just discover'd, the Grand Secret of the Philosopher's Stone with the True way of turning all Metals into Gold, pro bono publico.
I've oft times heard Will's wife declare, | That the breeches she would wear!!!
Let us not Cut dozen the Tree to get at the Fruit. Let us Stroke and not Stab the Cow; For her Milk, and not her Blood, can give us real Nourishment and Strength.
I General—Count—Platoff. promise to give my Daughter in Marriage and 2000 Rubles—to any Cossack —Russian—Prusian—German—Sweede—Turk—John Bull—Sauny Bull— Paddy Bull—or any other Bull, who shall bring Me the Head of Little Bony —dead or a live.
Hih
O
1,000 Rubles
cloud of Cossacks
Yes my Lady They sit neat about the Quarters, they only want a little Bobbing.
—Dock-yards—
Come master I want the Chips my self.
Lork your honor—don't take away our Chips
The Poll Book, for electing Two Representatives in Parliament for ... Westminster ...
3rd Day
Maxwell
Romilly
Burdett
Kinnaird
Cartwright
Hunt
St George
Hunt & Liberty
St Anne
H.M.C., Dropmore MSS.
bustle
lively round game at Commerce or Speculation
A GOOD NEW YEAR.
bun
Het Pint
First Foot
Northern Looking Glass
The Oracle
C. G.
4 F.
M
Detroits . . .
Auto da fe
Holland. 1560
Wilhelm Tell, Switzerland. 1296
Sung by Mr. Fawcett, with unbounded Applause, in the popular Drama, called  OPEN>> The Free Knights, or the Edict of Charlemagne
Ruination - New Tax one Tenth of Income & Property, to Support the accursed War, of the Infamous Minister
Gentlemen; - we are all ruin'd we sha'n't have Five Guineas left to make a Bett with! - one Tenth dead, without a single throw of the Dice! - why its worse than the French Game of Requisition; - for in that there would be some chance of coming in for Snacks!
Begging Box
Republican Causes
I wish it was to come on in the Kings-Bench for I would take up a Brief against him there, gratis; - but I dont like to say any thing to him in t'other place
One Tenth? - why he takes us for Boys or Chicks! *BRACKETED* zounds what a funk I am in.
10 per Cent? - why it will make Bankrupts of all my Friends in in *BRACKETED* the Borough *BRACKETED* ; ah the Villainous Cutthroat he wants to bring us to St Georges's Fields at last.
One Tenth? - mum! - get it of me if you can tell how to get blood from a Post - or from one of the Gibbets at Wimbleton! - why its a better Subject to Halloo about than the Brentford Election.
Damn their 10 per Cents, I'll warrant I'll Jockey 'em as I did with the Servants Tax
Why it will ruin us all! - One whole Tenth taken away from the Majesty of the People? - good heavens! - I must give up my Constitutional Toasts, & be contented with 4 Bottles a day
I must sell my Hounds, & hang up my Hunting Cap, upon my Horns!
I see clearly he wants to keep us out of place, & fill his own pockets
Dam'me! if my Lady Ox------d *BRACKETED* must not leave off wearing Trousers & take care of her little 10 pr Cent.
De'el tak me, but it gees me the Itch all o'er, to be prime Minister mysell; - out o
Pistols! - I say, - Pistols! for the Villain! - zounds, I wish I had my Long-Sword here, & a few Moroons, I'd teach him how to humbug us out of our Property.
An upright Man can see things at a distance; - yes! *BRACKETED* I can plainly perceive, he would cut us down One Tenth, that he may be above us all.
10 per Cent? mercy upon me! where am I to get 10 per Cent? - ay I see I shall die a Beggar at last
Mum
Commons
Lords
Privy Council
What a------What a------What a------ Tippy, Twaddle, Gammon, Quiz.!
A Publican and Sinner
Proud Arthur the first of the Nobs in the Land, You are wholly unfit the King's Head to command.
Come cease your bother, pert Hussey, nor boast of your charms— Where else would they shine but in the King's Arms?
Scene -  OPEN>> Gulliver manoeuv'ring with his little-Boat in the Cistern.
Mem, the grand design haveing failed in Egypt agree to Peace Item to get back all and give up none
Oddzooks if this is the beginning, what will be the finish, of the Business
Revision 3000 Resolutions Simplefication
Come, boys, since they say we have well begun, Let's bear hard till the whole's comprest in one
Stamps
Incidents
Custom
Excise
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Romeo & Juliet \\ Romeo by the Manager \\ and Juliet *BRACKETED* \\ by his Lady \\ with the Farce \\ of the Discovery on \\ Monday a New way to Pay Old Debts.
Judge not by outside appear *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The genuinely distraught Romeo, brandishing a club, has drawn aside a curtain to disclose a plain and elderly Juliet *BRACKETED* sitting on the knee of an elderly man, her arm round his neck. Above their heads is a placard:  OPEN>> This is the monument of the Capulets
New Opposition Trap
Venison Champaign
Carlisle Bait
Be quiet I hear him nibbling I used to nibble myself - when I was in the Cheese paring line!
Carlisle Cakes
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
We'll not trouble a Courier *BRACKETED* but we shall soon be in a Buy *BRACKETED* bye Street.
Sea Stock
Grogg
Pills
A Sweat
Clyster
Jollop
Pestel
Mortar
hold—I must stop Your Grog Jack—it excites those impulces, and concussions of the Thorax, which acorn pany Sternutation by which means you are in a sort of a kind of a Situation-— that Your head must be—shaved—I shall take from you only—20os of Blood— then swallow this Draught and Box of Pills, and I shall administer to you a Clyster.
Stop my Grog.—Belay there Doctor—Shiver my timbers but your lingo bothers me—You May batter my Hull as long as you like, but I'll be d—'nd if ever You board me with your Glyster pipe.
Brandy
Rum
Gin
Pig tail
True Love Token
P R
Squatting plump on an unsuspected cat in your chair
£60,000
£30,000
I would have taught my Sons to play hell and the devil; to make as much row as their lungs would let them; to chase all the cats, dogs, bulls, and women, both old and young, that they could meet.
My little friend Grildrig, you have made a most admirable \\  OPEN>> panegyric upon Yourself and Country, but from what I can \\  OPEN>> gather from your own relation & the answers I have with \\  OPEN>> much pains wringed & extorted from you, I cannot but con- \\  OPEN>> -clude you to be one of the most pernicious, little - odious \\  OPEN>> -reptiles, that nature ever suffer'd to crawl upon the surface of the Earth.
This is vot comes of doing my vork too veil—I lost my last place about the Sovereign for doing too much— and now as I'm come over to the Opposition I can't get bread and cheese by it —but I don't care, if the vorst comes to the vorst I'll Weather-all
Double Bass Hum strum diddle dum
Proposals for six practical Duets adapted to any instrument
Weekly Register
Reform
Deist
Black Dwarf
Republican
shake Hell's Scorpions o'er the peaceful land
Radical Reform
vide London Tavern Festivals for Oct 1812 Plate 2
I ad-Myer your grace, / Put me out of the Case, / To none twill give place.
D-d warm work tho' he is as red as a boil'd Lobster!
My Cot t'is charmings your daughtersh dance quite as vell as her partnersh.
Yesh she ish de true Spawn of de Moders. she vas dance wells ven no greater dan a Shrimpsh.
A fine Cod to be sent to Spring Gard *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Behind them a plebeian-looking couple dance facing each other; he asks:  OPEN>> Do you think this any thing like my Lords step Miss Pattypan.
Now Miss Ragbag if you please wee'll try to shew off our Graces!
He vas make me tink of Tavid ven he dance pefore de Ark! vat you call dis Tance.
Tish call'd Cots headsh and shouldersh or my Lord Maresh delight—my Vife make very pretty Lady Maresh.
Prime! e'nt it Mr Solomons My Mare is pretty skittish but nothing like that Da-e.
Ah dot is dansh he kicksh his legs all as von as de Vestris.
If it is agreable to you Mrs Ling wee'l call—the trip to Billinsgate.
Oh quel Beau Jour
Lord now lettest thou thy Servant depart in peace for mine Eyes have Seen.
Alons le Duc *BRACKETED* nous payerons Noblement pour ceci
Is this a Triumph to be consecrated at alters? to be commemorated with grateful thanksgiving! to be offered to the divine humanity with fervent prayer & enthusiastick ejaculation? - These Theban & Thracian Orgies, acted in France, and applauded only in the OLD JEWRY vide Reflections on the Revolution page 107
You be de Pope & de Devils friend & by Got you be twice Married & by Got you will make us all Cat licks & by Got I will stand up for my Mistresss right as long as she has de Jewels left
My dear Schwell'y you shall stand up for the wrights of the Poeple *BRACKETED* & I will Stand up for you
I say you are a German - & you send the Money out of this Kingdom by Millions
Thou dost Support us well my Love, let Billy spread his subtle nets like Vulcan. In thy embraces I would be beheld by Heaven & Earth at once, & Make their envy what they meant their sport. Let those who hate us Blush, I would love on with awful State, Regardless of their frowns. As their superiour god. There's no satiety of Love in thee, enjoyd thou still art new, perpetual spring is in thy arms, the ripen  OPEN>> d fruit but falls & Blossoms rise to fill its emty place & I grow rich by Giving
When I am King diddle diddle you shall be Queen
Lewis
Treasury Bench
Recapture of Paris & the Imperial Throne
Whitbreads Entire
Vive l'Empreur
Playful Account of Buonapartes Plot
Entire
—yes Sir I do insist that those who /  OPEN>> justified their own misdeeds by their /  OPEN>> success should also allow the Misdeeds of others / to be justified by their success, & they who could / swallow Copenhagen down, might well / swallow the recapture of Paris & the / Imperiel Throne*—so swallow it you stammerer! swallow it! swallow it—swallow it!!!
Secrets of Congress
a little—order! order!
Bravo Bravo.
Reform
Make him swallow it.
or a  OPEN>> Christian Instructor
I hereby admit that I have propogated a falshood. *BRACKETED* omson
Rise step brother, as thou hast admitted thine error, and expressed contrition I freely forgive thee
So - - Jemmy Diddle-'em is a Bankrupt
Why you surprise me, then I am in a Pretty Mess!!
Omnium 3 Per Ct
a tolerable good mornings work I have made of it
Hash any bodish got any Omnium to disposh of?
Extraordinary news just arrived - had it from the best authority at Lloyds
The Devil there is.
Fee! - Faw!! - Fum!!!
If I had known that Giant Billy had been here. - I would have kept far enough off Walmer Castle. Bless me how grim he looks - I am afraid it is all over with little me!
Written by G. Colman, Esq. and sung, with unbounded Applause, by Mr. Liston, in the Farce called  OPEN>> Killing no Murder!
. Scene in a London churchyard, lit by a waning moon. An old woman, wife of Thimble, a tailor, wearing a hooded shroud, emerges from a grave beside a spade, pickaxe, skulls, &c. She threatens with two bones the terror-struck sexton who sits on the ground. He had come  OPEN>> To saw off her finger, and steal the ring
With her roley, poley, gammon, and spinnage Heigho! says Thimble.
well George! I'm once more come from the Governor to tell thee, that unless thou shakest off this Lustfull crew & cleave to Virtious Love no reckoning can be made & thou must render up thy self with all thy imperfections on thy Head.
Oh Dear Dear what can the matter be, these Amusements of High Life dont suit me, - Ill away to the Crescent
Dont be frightened Gub, the Old Fellow has only call'd to take a Glass of Burgundy with us
Resignation
And he arose and went unto his Father, and said Father I have sinned before thee, and I am no longer worthy to be called thy Son
Very Naughty Boy!—Very naughty Boy indeed!! however I forgive you but dont do so any more
The Russian trade down the first
General War in Europe. Hartzberg Cutler Berlin
Responsibility Unpd Debts £20,00000 Ditto 3000000 New Taxes . . . Taxes
Under the Protection of the Commercial Treaty with France *BRACKETED* , or by the Armed Neutrality improved Trade of Russia carried by French bottoms
Company of Russia Kay to be let
Hard Steel badly temper'd, to smite the masts of the ships below him
Down with it *BRACKETED* Poland its as well Vengeance
Remote fate, no more wars M--rs *BRACKETED* ultimatum
la Nation la loi le Roi
Prerogative
by G--d
Law Authorities for rendering defensive treatys ofensive
Geographical Knowledge
Russia
Poland
England
Oczakow
Isle of Dogs
Botany Bay
Persia
Jordaine
Terras incognitas
Turin
Constantinople
Antwerp
China
Swisserland
Africa
Nootka
Germany
Jerusalem
Paris
Pekin
Patagonia
France
National Assembly
French liberty benefitted by the blunders from the English M--r
oui oui une adresse de tanks a Mr P--t
How he plays our game
Bravo! bravo! bravo!
Inscribed to The Russian Company by their Customers The Ship Builders, Sail Makers, Rope makers and other contemptible trades that contribute to the prosperity of Old England
Four Pence per Quart
Indeed Johnny, it is no fault of mine - I only stept in to see if they had given you good liquor for your money
Republican
Liberty
Rebellion
YOUR PETITIONER SHEWETH, That he Humbly wishes to Reduce ye Church to Gospel Order By Rapine Sacrilige & Murther To make Presbyty *BRACKETED* supream & Kings themselves submit to him & not content all this to do He must have Wealth & Honor too Or else with Blood & desolation He'll tear it out of the Heart of the nation
The kick
Dict. Vulg. Tongue
e
In Cœlo Quies
Hear hear hear
profil perdu
All these and more came flocking, but with Looks Downcast and damp, yet such wherein appeared Obscure some Glimpse of Joy, to have found their Chief Not in despair, to have found themselves not lost In Loss itself, which on his Countenance cast Like doubtful hue, but he his wonted Pride Soon recollecting, with high Words that bore Semblance of Worth not Substance gently raised Their fainting Courage and dispell'd their Fears Miltons Paradise lost
H. Bunbury Esqr del.
WYNNSTAY
View of the Theatre at Wynnstay. I. Evans Esqr del
1782
Wynnstay. H. Bunbury Esqr del.
or the Sham Ordnance Stores brought to Light!! NB These Contraband Articles were Shipp'd at Rouen as return'd Ordnance Stores & pack'd by British Artillerymen under the Inspection of the Commissary & the bases mark'd with the Ordnance Seal & the whole consign'd to Sir Wm Congreve at Woolwich!
The Assiduous
Mr Brougham's Motion in the house of Coms To Inquire into the Smuggling Affair at Woolwich & to publish the Names of all the parties Concern'd
Fanny Hill improved or a choice collection of obscene Books & prints &c for the R—g—t sent as Ordnance Stores & mark'd Bombs & Shells!
Oh Billy Congreve, Billy Congreve!—I Grieve that thou should'st be caught in thine own Trap & Blown up with thine own Combustibles!!!
Congreve Rockets
Gloves & Jewellery for sir William Congreve
Lace for Ladies Liv . .p . . l & Cas ..l.... h
Snuff Boxes with pretty pictures in them for Capn Rudyard mark'd Stores
Models! or plans for Smuggling Porcelain & Books for Sir W Robe
Silks & for Colonel Quish *BRACKETED* mark'd Stores
Delicate Books & prints to improve the Morals for the Revd Mr Arnold mark'd Stores
prints & Silk Stockings for Lady Derby, mark'd Bombs
Congreve Rockets & Gloves for Lieut Colquhoun
Watches & Seals for Sir G A Wood marked Shot
Shot & Lace for Mr Jarvis
Stores Wm Stace Esqr
Gloves &c for Mr Tibbs Stores
Prints &c for—Trotter Esqr mark'd —Stores
Revenue Cutter
French Brandy for Lady Dickson & Lady Frazer mark'd Grape Shot!!!
Brandy
Shells & Shot
Ten School-Miseries
I move an adjournment till after the next Newmarket Meeting
Mountford
Money Lent
Smithfield
Cow Lane
Good Entertainment for Man and Beast
"Every Man has his Price
"Sic itur ad astra
necessary house
Resolution *BRACKETED* of the *BRACKETED* ongress
Answer to a P *BRACKETED* titled Taxation. . . . Tir . . .
Mayor
Album vertor in Alitem &c
*BRACKETED* trait of W------P------Tarr'd & Feather'd 1774
Why my Dear—you are quite frantic, what is the matter with you
Frantic—I believe I am,—I have been preaching before Royalty, our Fortunes are made,—such a Sermon—neat text—quarter of an hours discourse—appropriate prayer at the conclusion,—O, to see them cry, it would have melted an heart of Stone,—Oh bless that Mrs Clarke I shall never forget her
"Look on this picture, and on this.
A Revision of the Banking System thro
like an old Watchman, with faults to conceal
Defence
The Book
D AM•N•Q V•I•Σ•Σ•Ω•N
N
The Times
Extraordinary Red Book
Oh!!—Monstrous!!!—that twenty six State Cormorants should swallow annually an aggregate sum: under the name of salaries, independent of the indefinible emoluments which result from other sources of gain amounting to—£453,692. Can we any longer wonder that the love of Place in these men should supersede every more exalted consideration.
Plac *BRACKETED* Earl of Liverpool 14,000,— Mr Vansittart £7,500, &—Ge Rose £16,551—Vist Melville £11,000— Mr Wellesley Pole £10,000.
Droits of Admiralty
A List of Placemen Pensions and Sinecures—Lord Arden £38,574 *BRACKETED* —Earl Bathurst and C°—£37,225—Lord Castlereagh for Two Years Service £71,000—Ld Ellenborough £24,100—Ld Eldon £40,000 & & &c—Marquis Camden £23,000.
I swallow—£10,000 and do very little for it
and I £16,000— for doing next to nothing
and I 40,000£—for doing less
and I *BRACKETED* £71,000—for doing nothing at all.
and I 18,000—for doing worse!
Your Money Sirs or I'll lodge a Bullet in your Brains
Damme if I have any
Oh Lord I'm a Dead man
Mercy on me I have only one half Crown
1772 / VOL. III. / OF / MACARONIES. / CHARACTERS. / CARICATURES. / &C / DESIGN'D. BY. THE. / GREATEST . PERSONAGES / ARTISTS. &C. GRAVED. & / PUBD. BY. M DARLY. 39./ STRAND
Does it come up high in the Collar Mr ----- O! yes Sir - it sits to a charm - 'tis ease & Elegance itself - can your Honor button it - Yes Mr ------ but dont You think it too full - not at all Your Honor, You woud'nt wish to be pinched to be sure------ *BRACKETED* And Sir I hope the Young Gentleman's Breeches will be quite to his satisfaction Sir, do ye see, tho to be sure they comes on a little stiffish or so at first - but You know Sir every thing gets easier in time as a body may say - I desires him to thrust himself well in - and I am sure they'll do.
Goddam! Je n'en trouverai donc pas un!
David watching Bathsheba bathing
St. Anthony tempted by monsters
Eve tempting Adam with the apple
Judas kissing Christ
Busy Body
Half Pay Bill of Fare—Potaetoes, Potaetos, Potaetoes
Magna Charta and the Bill of rights
I Commission
Dr W--l--s *BRACKETED* opinion 1/2 past 5 O'c
East India Pitt
Rebellion
Ich Dien
Rebellion
Liberty
They Have use for Monies But none for Breeches Now
The Sixteen Elect robeing and Disrobeing
Major Général dans les Forteresses de la Province Connecticut, et Commandant en Chef de l'Expedition a Bunckers-Hill pres de Boston le 17. Juin 1776.
Mercury
To Peace
To Prosperity
Aye Aye I can see the Road our Members promised to take us
This is rare Travelling but methinks it jolt cursedly
A Match for the Kings Plate I suppose
Treasury Influence
to Despotism
to Revolutionism
Pull Devil Pull Baker.
The Gods have Witnessed the scene & bear full Testimony to the Undaunted Spirit of the British Tars; & While Unanimity & Confidence reigns in the Fleet the British Flag shall ever Ride Triumphant!!!
Constant only in its Changes
Presented by my Constituents
Reward for performers who have not Stiff Backs
General Election. Poll
Old Leather Breeches been turn'd so often now of no use
The Electors are determined to have this pole well Soaped the next time—Considering the Prize has been much too easily carried off
Ministerial Influence
This Clown whose abilities chiefly consists of the suddenness of his Shifts—is famous for the double Shuffle— and none can match him for grinning through a horse Collar—has been trying for some years *BRACKETED* to get his head into a Cap which the Managers have placed on the Stage it is suppose *BRACKETED* he will accomplish it next Season— if so he will give up Somer-Setting
Toasts
Pray Remember the Poor Debters
Broken Victuals
Her Grace is very good to him I think - well tis an œeconeical *BRACKETED* situation
Prosecution for Crim Con.
Butlers Wine
Liberty
Some, for hard Masters, broken under Arms,
In battle lopt away, with half their Limbs
Beg bitter bread, thro
Pill
Lozenges
Persons Electrified on the Shortest Notice
Cure for Deafness
Chymist & . . I. Killem
Brest
Amster *BRACKETED*
Portsmouth
showing what each person is supposed to say
Letter of Cato-Batavus
Bÿland
Fielding
Hollandsche Schepen met Scheeps materialen
the arrival of Dutch naval stores
some well-known merchants calling out with great passion  OPEN>> Restitution, Satisfaction, unlimited convoy
We have meanwhile already won some little capital, but however it is good to complain, in order to embitter people's minds, although the English pay for what falls into their hands, and a war with England, the greatest of our allies, would probably harm us, and our possessions in the East would be endangered
His Highness pointing out to the merchants the lion . . .'See Sirs what is happening, this have I long foreseen, and for that reason although without success, have I tried to put the Republic in a state of defence. We are lost if we let ourselves be deluded by passion and cunning! Yet I shall at last be obliged to let the ship drift
The English Ambassador, shrugging his shoulders, says,  OPEN>> I am sorry about the incident, but I tried to avoid it and warned you resolutely. It is hard on an ally to see the enemy supplied with everything by force of arms while the help due to us is refused. Yet the die is cast, and things will probably not remain as they are
The French Ambassador full of compliments, strokes the lion with one hand, and with the other holds a hat before his eyes, saying,  OPEN>> All will go well if I can only keep the Lion blind and bring the Dutch gradually to the dance with England *BRACKETED* . Oh what a fine part shall we play, when we have added to our land-power the dominion of the sea
ex-Jesuit, following the Society's grand rule, divida & impera, loosens the bond of union, and has already pulled out one of the seven arrows, saying,  OPEN>> That goes well, when, disguised as a Patriot, I shall succeed in taking unnoticed some arrows from the Lion, and then might the Pope indeed restore our order, if the Dutch, who are less easy to beguile than our good Spaniards, do not smell a rat before our work is completed!
III. Art. Goed Patri ...
Certificat.
Who knows if once again now we shall bring our old Beggars to their knees? Yet first must Neighbour France have accomplished his crafty business for we are now of one family, though this has not been exactly to our advantage *BRACKETED* . But when we have once got Gibraltar back, then shall we be able to dictate the law finely to the other Powers. Meanwhile we have made a beginning and have given the Dutch some pinches.
A Minister of State looking with pain on the blinded lion
Oh Heavens, where will all this end for the beloved Fatherland! Yet I cannot do more than truly make known my discoveries.
That's bad. Although we have given the English some grounds for complaint. Is it possible to remain friends with two contending parties? What is to be done now? For by force of black-magic and to the joy of some of our windy poets, all our light frigates are turned into three-deckers, where shall we find sailors to man them! The Northern Powers themselves are in want of sailors. Meanwhile we are on the hook and must pay the reckoning, at which France will laugh heartily!
Popery
Whore of Babylon
joyfully journeying to Holland on the rumour of a breach between England and the Republic
our object is reached thanks to our pretended tolerance now that we have set the Dutch at variance with their old ally, and the heretics have been brought into a scramble, a game in which we should indeed again become masters, and to which purpose I bring good provisions!
Amsterdam
A
Fr------k *BRACKETED* in Amsterdam] looking for certificates to help the sailor
B
if this piece of paper should be found on me by the English, then they will make a prize of my ship and cargo, in place of paying for the one and giving me back the other as they have done till now
P. W. de Vyfde
Cits
cit
Dear me! there be Wulcan & Wenus; Monstrious fine indeed.
Aye and a going to do her with his sledg Hammer.
2700 Pounds only very Cheap indeed
2700, you dont say so a lack a day when will luxury have an End?
This is a sight I have long wish *BRACKETED* to see
Steer to the North
There goes for Germany
This is a happy day for England
Lecture upon Heads
Lecture
A Cure for a Distressed] nation
1745
At an Inn, going into a bed too short, with a wooden leg, which you were too fatigued to unstrap, drawing up the living one, going to sleep with the other sticking out at the bottom, which when the Chambermaid comes in for the candle, she conceives to be the handle of the warming pan, which she has carelessly left in the bed
Government
Chaos
C
Well I have retir'd with ... grace & choak'd the Hydra
tis true, I've lost a good £6,000 a Year, however, my Resignation will satisfy the Public, My last Concern!!!
I enjoy the Palm of Victory—& He the word & Honor of a P------
That Truth is not of Royal growth Reflects a stain upon her, Witness, one Prince's Bible Oath, And t'other Prince's Honor.—
I'll not be off like Mrs Carey,—I have a few more Memorandums to produce
Vote Mug
Goose
Rightbright Optician
40 Righib
Murder, Murder. I'm Shot
ha ha thats for beating the Watchman in Change Alley
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Solo 159
Solo 160
David Drowsy make 1568
Buckinghamshire gentleman
The Words written by Peter Pindar Esqr.
Upon my soul I never thought  OPEN>> That they would Shave.
Age of Reason
Raines Bones
Reform
Liberty
Il voulait nous faire la queue mais nous lui lavons la tète.
Bellerophon
Imperial Pouch
very snug and convenient Brother I assure you
Come on my little Fellows - theres plenty of room for you all - the Budget is not half full
Elder Brother of the Trinity House
A Secretary *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Govr of the Bank in Scotland
A Commissioner for India affair *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> A Commissioner of Chelsea Hospital
A Governor of Greenwich Hospl
Treasurer of the Navy
Custos Rotulorum for Middlesex
Patent Printer of the Bible in Scotland.
Chancellor of the University St Andrew's
Joint Keeper of the Signet in Scotland
Govr of the Charter House
If you've ony Conscience at a
Och - Och - do not leave us - Consider your Old House, it will look like a big Walnut shell - without a Kernel
Madam, ther's not a Man of the profession in Europe, that can Cut a corn with that ease, delicacy, & safety as Myself - Oh! curse your delicacy - you've touched me to the Quick - You have ruined me you fumbling dog - You a Chiropedist, Old Susan here would have done me better - If you don't immediately decamp, I'll tear all the hair off your shallow pate.
Scarlet Looking Blue
Liberty Press
Whew
Morning Journal
Ex-Officio
Libel
Security
I perfectly agree with your Lord Ship
North
Risum teneatis Amici
Treasury
that disapproving of Lord Shelburne's assumption of too much power in the *BRACKETED* negotiation, he would go no more to Council
if the king desired it
561 Free and unbought Votes
Religious Liberty
Universal Suffrage
Annual Parliaments
Rights of Man
Godwins Political Justice
Thelwals Lectures
P. Pindar
Wide was the sphere of Ignorance, alas! And faint, too faint, of Truth's young Sun the ray;
From Plague, Pestilence & Famine from Battle & Murder & Sudden Death
Good Lord deliver us
Spies & Informers
National Debt 400 000 000
Trea *BRACKETED* & Sedition Bills
America 100 000 000
Slave Trade
Ock *BRACKETED* kow
Nootka Sound
Barracks
rainian *BRACKETED* & Prussian Subsidies
Just & Necessary War 100 000 000
Secret Se *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Two piles of books form, with the chains, a border to the design and a support for the Bishop and Pitt. The former pile is headed by the  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* oly Bible
Book of Mart *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Fast Sermon
France A Warning
Breslaw Deception
Divin *BRACKETED* Rig *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Pitt supports his elbows on  OPEN>> Burkes Refl *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* , beneath which are  OPEN>> Sublime & Beau *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Reaves & Co
Works
Ar Youngs Works
Fast Service
Divine Right of Kings
On Just & Nec *BRACKETED* War
Ah! Billy when thou hast famish'd us thou dost right to lock up our mouths
Poor George thou'rt as much enslav'd as thy People.
What's amiss
Amiss why the Rascal presumes to think for himself
Killing not Murder
Church & King for ever
More good news
And they offered burnt Offerings & heave Offerings to their Gods, the Gods of Slavery, & many fell a Sacrifice. And the Burden was heavy on the People
Oh! my Country *BRACKETED* .
To England
To *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The inscription *BRACKETED* is a savage attack on Pitt and his policy. It begins:  OPEN>> This Mausoleum | entombs | William Pitt, | . . . He doubled the prices of provisions, | Tripled the amount of the poor-rates and taxes, | Added Three Hundred Millions to the National Debt, | And sacrificed Two Hundred Thousand Britons in |  OPEN>> Just and necessary wars!
The modern nobility, Lord Melville, | And | Napoleon, Emperor of France.
Map of Russia
Petersburgh
Gy *BRACKETED* Gar Sire we had better go to Petersburgh at once.
Aye and then we can march to Siberia and release the Exiles who will gladly join us and abjure their Tyrant.
Effective french forces / French 100,000 / Austrians - / Prussians - / Bavarian 1.000 / Saxons - / Westphalien .500 / Dutch - / Naupolita - / Italians 51,000
Sacre dieu, I no like de Russia Campaign I lose my Nose, my fingere and toes in de last.
Eh bien, den now we lose all our odds and ends.
Plan to procure Horses
Russian Force / Russians 400,000 / Poles 50,000 / Prussians 50,000
Russian Forces
Plan for . . .
Ed Axxxxt Standing on the Pillory pursuant to his Sentence for willful and Corrupt Puriury
The King v. Hardy Brief for Def *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; he says:  OPEN>> Henceforth I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance *BRACKETED* traiterous . . . *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . In the foreground two couples of privates or N.C.O.s *BRACKETED* walk off scowling suspiciously over their shoulders at the investiture. The design is framed by two arches of the cloister of the Temple Church. Through one *BRACKETED* is seen the body of the church: three *BRACKETED* recumbent Knights Templars raise themselves from their tombs to gaze in horror at the scene. All five volunteers wear plumed helmets and epaulets. The two on the left carry, one a pike, the other a bayoneted musket, both directed towards the new knight. Under the foot of one is a torn paper:  OPEN>> Mr Sheridan Speech & Vote of thanks to the Volunteer *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Below the design:  OPEN>> Templars of old were valiant Knights, Defenders of their Country's Rights, A consecrated Band. If one superior Merit shew'd On him, the general Voice bestow'd A Leader's high command: With equal Zeal in Britains Cause, To guard her Liberty and Laws, Our Volunteers unite; But who shall head this loyal Host? Erskine steps forth and claims the Post And Mansfield dubs him Knight. Sleep, sleep in Peace ye Templars brave Nor cast a look beyond the Grave, To mark our Inn's Dishonour; Two Evils press upon our Ranks, Erskine's Command & Sherry's Thanks, Sworn friends of tried O'Connor
No Popery
June 7 The Protestant Association. The Rt Honble Lord George Gordon Prest in the Cha *BRACKETED* Res...
Now publishing and to be had at Mr Thomsons a new Pampt entitled England in Blood
Religious strife is rais'd to Life, By canting whining John; No Popery he loud doth cry, To the deluded throng.
Pray remember the poor Charity Children of St Jams parish
What is £130,000 pr Ann when you consider the price of provisions & other things pray remember.
I have disinherited my own Son for contracting Debts at Brothels & gaming Tables; At the last Charity Sermon both his Father & he promis'd. that he shd not become chargeable to the parish again
This Begging is made a Trade of
I was born in a strange Land of honest Parents, but their characters are neither here nor there pray remember
I came here naked & he hath half cover'd me pray remember
6000 Pr Ann
It's always good to have something in hand.
Mrs Jordans Night
For the Benefit ofMrs Jordan - a new Way to pay Old Debts the part of Sr Giles Overreach by Mr George, being his second Appearance in that Character.
To Windsor
I never interfere in Parish Business they must provide for their own poor.
Charity begins at home Love who knows what we may all come to.
N
Europe
Russia
Spain
Armistice
King Joseph has been Deafeated by Wellington with the Loss of 151 peices of Cannon 415 Ammunition Waggons—Bag and Baggae *BRACKETED* Provisions &c &c &c The French have one very fine little Howitzer left—One quarter of the Army are Killed the other Wounded the Third quarter taken prisoners & the English are playing the Devil with the Rest.
Yes by gar dot is all very pretty but it is all true tho.
milk-churn
Hell & the Devil!! Death & D—na—on!! that cursed fiend John Bull will drive me mad! Villains! Villains! His all a lie 'tis false as Hell I say! away! with the Bl—ted Scroll—it sears my very eye balls! Ill cut it in Ten Thousend peices—Ill kick ye to the Devil—away with it! Oh! Oh.
Oh
O
N
Now, is the time.
Now or never,! Will you not join us.
Will Trim
Charles Fox's Twelfth Day, when he will chuse King and Queen
A Modern Pepys
Fig the Smuggling Grocer
This Fellow Charles is no Friend to Smuggling, Til be reveng'd on the Dog
Will Trim \\ and Charles \\ Fight for the Cake, and Charles was like to get it. \\ But the Conjurer, the Devil & Will instigate Nobody *BRACKETED* to write to the L------ds of the Bed Chamber to Juggle Charles out of the Cake. \\ Fig the Smuggling Grocer determines to get drunk with Will in the City, where they agree to \\ kick up a Riot, and break Charles's Windows. \\ Will & his Drunken Companions get soundly drubb'd for their Pains
Rights of Man
Thomas Pain, Stay-maker from Thetford. Paris Modes, by express.
Cabbage
To Ruin
To Brentford
Goose *BRACKETED* Grid *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; the host stands at the door clasping his fat sides in laughter. The verses *BRACKETED* begin:  OPEN>> Sir Buttonhole Snip drives a goose-chase
To the Land of Promise
The State Fly by W P - only the late Partnership being Dissolved
Curse those Noisy fellows, how they keep bawling, I tell you there is no Room, the Coach is quite full Aye up! Aye up! War Horses.
Studied Speeches for Killing off
I say Coachey let us get into the Basket then.
For Perqu *BRACKETED* tes
Holloa there, Coachey you have forgot you was to take us up, you know I have taken my place some time since and was promised to ride on the Box.
Keep off or I'll let fly at you, what you want to rob the Coach.
Ways & Means
Secret Expeditions
Ways & Means
Secret Expeditions
Bella! Horrida Bell *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; on the panel is a crown above the initials  OPEN>> W. P.
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Old Hats
cits
general sauntering-place for men and cattle
habitants de Ste héléne soyons amis je vous déclare peuple libre, je vous donne pour garantie ce serviteur fidèle que j'ai avec moi.
Ney.
Comme je vais me remplumer.
messieurs nous n avon *BRACKETED* pas un instant a perdre que notre conseil s'assemble sur le champ pour savoir comment nous pourons attacher le grelot.
qui vive.
Sentinelle — prenez garde a vous.
freres rongeurs aux armes deux traîtres osent s'introduire dans nos etats
Dear William meet me under the Piazza at 6 o'Clock
Blenheim
forged Love letter
Letter from Marq: of Blan *BRACKETED* written by myself
Letter written by my Daddy
Letter forged by my Mother
Letter forged by myself
Letters in Answer to my self
O Mother! Mother! my mask'd Battery is discovered, & we shall be blown up! - O Mother, Mother, we must raise the Siege immediately, & take refuge under the Duchess's cover'd way, & there act on the defensive: O Mother: Mother, its all your fault, say what you will: OPEN>>  Mrs. Gunning says, her left hand raised in horror,  OPEN>> Good Heavens! who could have thought that the Seige of a Coronet would have ended in smoke & stink! - well I'll take my affidavit that I know nothing at all about the matter
Come under my Protection, deary's I'll hide you in Bedfordshire; & find one of my little Granny-boys, to play with Missy
I find our Stratagem wont take effect, & therefore I'll be off; & menœvre; - any common Soldier can lead on, to an attack, but it requires the skill of a General to bring off his forces with honor after a defeat -  OPEN>> . After the title is etched,  OPEN>> dedicated to the Duke of A------ *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  and  OPEN>> Vide - A bold stroke for a Husband
Reform
Arise, Ye Peers, bestir yourselves, or this Reform will strike ye to the dust
Bribes
Gold
Morning Chronicle
a well known Rt. Hon. Artist
Crown Inn
Mrs Bull late in Partnership with Sawney Mc Kenzie, with her Steward.
Paper Credit
Liberty of the Press
1. John Bull had a sister, her name it was Peg, From the North of the Tweed came to London to beg, In a filthy condition, and not worth a souse, Whom John, out of pity, took into his house. Deny Down, &c. 2. She perverted John's wife, as I have been told, Who from a good housewife, was grown a great scold, And by drinking strong liquor, in Scotland call'd Whiskey, Was grown beyond measure wrong-headed and friskey. Derry Down. 3. A lad from the North she took into keeping, To do her odd jobs while poor John was a-sleeping; But, lest he should wake, it plainly appears, She bandaged his eyes, and she stopp'd up his ears. Derry Down. 4. Sawney, John's servant, grew a braw bony chiel, Who wish'd to send John and his wife to the de'el; He eat up his victuals and purloin'd his treasure, Then he left his good master, to repent at his leisure. Derry Down. 5. His land being mortgaged in country and town, Tho
Keny *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  prowls on the summit of the pile. Two cats, probably intended for Rose and Steele, the Treasury Secretaries, furtively snatch fish from the basket. On the extreme left behind Fox appears the head of the Duke of Norfolk, as a sleeping dog, his collar inscribed  OPEN>> Nor . .
Anon
Sir Gy Co *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Beneath the title is etched:  OPEN>> Like Cats and Dogs they swear and growl, And spit their venom just as foul; Till some old Tabby interposes, And Order their scolding closes
when the Laws are made the People have only to Obey
Deliverer of Europe & Pacificator of the World.
I hope he will abolish the Slave Trade
Road to Paris
you need not say anything about the March to Paris.
Lord have mercy upon me! G-d d--n the dogs I knew they'd blow me up at last!
The Government of the Floridas
There's your Reward! Where e'er you catch the English String 'em up like Herrings!—Go, Rob the Indians! Seize their Country! Sell 'em for Slaves! Liberty & Equality are only intended for the inhabitants of the United States! We'll take care Nobody else shall enjoy any!
English Blood
Indian Blood
American Liberty
American Liberty!—that is Liberty to make Slaves of the poor unoffending Indians
A list of Frigates & warlike Stores now getting ready to make War agt England as soon as we can afford it!—"our poverty not our Will consents to a state of Peace!
Un-natural & Inveterate hatred of all Englishmen
The Frog & the Ox, a fable applicable to American Ambition
A plan how to make a Frigate carry 100 Guns & 1000 tuns of Scalding Water to work by Steam while the Men skulk below! NB—this perhaps will make us a Match for the English seventy fours!!—
Report of the American Committee censuring the conduct of Genl Jack!
The brutal & unjustifiable Murder of Ambrister & Arbuthnot, English subjects by the Ruffian Yankee General, even agt the sentence of his own Court Martial
Injustice Oppression & Cruelty!
Yankee Doodle's come to Town Oh! Yankee Doodle Dandy!
The Shannon & the Chesapeake or a small taste of flagellation for American presumption
The palace that N-h built: a parody on an old English poem. By I. Hume
Subscription for my Statue
I have prepared it all for your Entertainment Johnny, at the celebration of my Birthday - I have cook'd every article myself You may depend upon it.
Wauns Measter Billy - what bee'st the at now? - turn'd Cook eh, by Goles thee bee'st a rum un, - it be all very pratty to be sure - but rabbit that great Pye - I took such a surfeit of un, last Summer - that I cant bear to look at it.
Income Tax Pye
Sincerity Soup
Monopoly Mustard
Essence of Loan
War Pepper
Prosperity Flummery
Omnium Artichoke
Salamagundy Treaty
paper pattie
Indemnity Tart
Security Custard
Future Pasty
Promise Trifle
Oblivion Wine
Flowers of Eloquence for Garnishing
R *BRACKETED* ce He Live
Long live the King
GR
Restoration
God save the King
Vive le Roi
G.R.
GR
Our Prayers are heard he lives
This for thy long and secret services
Thanks, my noble Master - all the Wierd Sister of Beaconsfield prophesied is now fulfill'd
I shall be ambitious indeed if I thought my Bray could be heard by the immense and respectable multitude I have the Honour to address—
Universal Suffrage
Peace And Goodw *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . These are lashed to the back of his chair. Beside each flag-staff is a smaller pole with a notice:  OPEN>> Order
Hear Hear
Hear! Hear!
Bravo
Bravo! Bravo!
Excellent!
Usher of the Black
Sung with unbounded Applause by Mr. Emery, at the Theatre Royal Covent Garden; composed by Mr. T. Cooke
Though your face be mighty fair, I've seen a bear more civil;
von letel Bite
Heart of Oak
What! What, a dust eh? so much the better - Boney got the worst of the game, I must lend a hand.
Now is the time to rub off the rust of Tilsit *BRACKETED* . The King of Prussia has risen from his chair to watch the brawl; he raises a bandage from his eyes, and says:  OPEN>> If I don't take advantage of the present opportunity I shall indeed be a prussian Cake *BRACKETED* .
I tell you you are a Scoundrel, and if you do not restore my King whom you have stolen from the other table and reinstate Ponto *BRACKETED* - by the honor of a Spanish patriot I will strangle you.
Dont be so boisterous I only borrow'd him, merely to make up the pack.
Ah! Ah, the game has taken a different turn from what I expected, I must not be idle.
Donder and Blixens I be quite tire'd of de game Yaw! Yaw now is de time for me to rise.
50,000 pr. an
A Tory I am - and a very young Man, Fix'dfirm in my place get me out if you can
Scourge
A Sea of Iniquity
Honour
Muzzle a Muzeler
Hell to Pay
Saving of 11,000,000 to the Nation
Seat of Patriotism
Col. Wardle Dr to . . .
Charges against D. of Y
Letter To People of England
Correspond . . . Duke Kent
My Own Life. M A Clarke
Cambridge Roy *BRACKETED* Teleg *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The driver flourishes his whip but is absorbed in a courtesan seated on his knee with an arm round his neck; in his pocket is a paper:  OPEN>> Rules . . . Varmint Club
Trumpet *BRACKETED* Skull
Gin
Am I not a Hell of a WALKER
Opera Office
My Treasury
Promises
Mad
Mallard
Des Hayes
£210
£180
£110
£80
Unpaid Bills
Paid Bills
£3006
£1600
2.6
1.9
Medical Monitor Part 1
Medical Monitor Part 2d
Long Life
Town and Country Magazine
Histories of the Tête-à-Tête annexed . . .
derrière
Margaret Nicholson's Knife
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Portland Road
BRITANNIA on board the Fox safe Moor'd in Portland-road - As Mistress of the Sea, she receives Homage from the whole World. NB A distinction contended for by our present Peace Makers
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Hunt's Matchl
Will the bill I ask, do away with places and pensions? *BRACKETED* will it abolish tithes and taxts? *BRACKETED* In a word will it make the poor rich and happy? *BRACKETED* No! It will do none of these! therefore I say this bill is all a delusion! *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . A standing crowd faces him, with Sugden on the extreme left, holding up a placard:  OPEN>> Hunt The Matchless Reformer
Hunt for ever
Bravo Hunt
Hunt is the man for us!
"One cheer more
Poor frozed out Gardener
Prosperous Debt £19.000 All my doing
Horticultural Garden
I have a breast that like an ample Shield can take in all & verge enough for more
The Fox Hunter A New Song
For Mr Adam ... from North
Of the Fox bring me his Brush so doing .. .yr Wt
yours &c. Eden
T. Crus *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; the French dog is of greyhound type. Over John Bull's head is engraved  OPEN>> You be D------m'd
Vous etes une Bete
The time is come, Fathers, when that which has long been wished for, towards allaying the envy, your House has been subject to, & removing the imputations against trials, is *BRACKETED* effectually put in our power. An opinion has long prevailed, not only here at home, but likewise in foreign countries, both dangerous to you, and pernicious to the state, viz. That, in prosecutions, men of wealth are always safe, however clearly convicted. There is now to be brought upon his trial before you, to the confusion, I hope of the propagators of this slanderous imputation, one, whose life and actions condemn him in the opinion of all impartial persons; but who, according to his own reckoning, and declared dependance upon his riches, is already acquitted; I mean W------H------. I have undertaken this prosecution, Fathers, at the general desire, and with the great expectation of the British People, with the direct design of clearing your justice and impartiality before the world. For I have brought upon his trial, one, whose conduct has been such, that, in passing a just sentence upon him, you will have an opportunity of re-establishing the credit of such trials; of recovering whatever may be lost of the favour of the British People; and of satisfying foreign states and kingdoms in alliance with us, or tributary to us. I demand justice of you, Fathers, upon the robber of the public treasury, the oppressor of Asia, and the invader of the rights & privileges of'Britons, the scourge and curse o/Indostan. If that sentence is passed upon him which his crimes deserve, your authority, Fathers, will be venerable & sacred in the eyes of the public. But if his great riches should bias you in his favour, I shall still gain one point, vis. To make it apparent to all the world, that what was wanting in this case was not a criminal, nor a prosecutor; but justice, & adequate punishment
Gin
Treason!! Ginger Bd Nuts!! Conspiracy!!
Official Account
"There is an Easiness of Deportment, and an Elegance of indescribable Debonair, about the Beans of \\  OPEN>> the Old School, which would be ridiculous for the Puppies of the day to think of imitating
Dishd by Jupiter not worth twopence
a very Bad Commodity indeed
a Fair Hoax *BRACKETED* - however - I'm off.
Hae - Hae what? What Stole his Hat - Good Joke that - Bran new I suppose - Left Old Hat in Exchange - no bad thing that - Like Old Hat he he he!!!
Ca ira!
Radicalism
Pray releive me of this B.— I should find it a great incumbrance in a warm place like this
Aye but dont forget that you have an engagement in Covent Garden, you may find the atmosphere rather cool in that quarter
Sweet wife! you have seen cruel proof of this woman's strength I beg of you for your own sake to embrace your own safety and give over this attempt
Nay, an thou'lt mouth, I'll rant as well as thou.
I will fight with her upon this throne untill my eyelids will no longer wag
Keep it up Nan! Devil bury me but the Goddess will soon do her over!
Mexico Peru Chili
York Town
American Tea-pot
600
Kadix
Nantes
Marseille
"Poor man! he will say any thing but |  OPEN>> his prayers
I am not his judge, |  OPEN>> nor will I be his accuser; yet, |  OPEN>> in pity, my soul breathes |  OPEN>> the prayer,  OPEN>> The Lord rebuke him!!
Anglicanus
your Treachery has brought me to this! |  OPEN>> Wicked fool, gratitude for undeserved favours
is not in your catalogue of virtues!!!
Christian Instructor Febv 1828 N° CCXI
Apocrypha
Maccabees
Tom religion is all a humbug, ehe why should those two great guns of the gospel, so completely disreguard its precepts?
It certainly looks as if it were all a fudge. If it is not, you will admit that Mr. Christian Instructor and that whining animal Anglicanus are a disgrace to our Church! But baring *BRACKETED* religion, they have forfeited all claims to the character of gentlemen. They are now completely floored and are benath *BRACKETED* contempt
Jure Divino
Credentials
Hold fast & never fear—but if you let go my swoard you'll fall head foremost.
Petition me no Petitions. the King wills it.
Spare my Husbands life! Spare his mutilation!
Madm Pleignier
National Guard
Holy Water
cit
Legitimacy
My dear—am I never to have ye Silver Image?
Pho! Pho! leave such thoughts to my brother Berne's wife.
Aye, Aye Angoulême We'll do our best for the right line.
Right lines—no breaks—Right lines the only lines of beauty—No curves—Right lines
Odour of Sanctity
Pere Elyzee
Castlereagh
Chateaubriand
Pasquier
Legitimacy
Salvum fac Regem, Te Deum
Salvum fac Imperatorem *BRACKETED* .
Make way for our Friends. Te Deum,
Down! down!
Holy Water
see how we get on.
Sul a baw la Sul a baw la.
L XVIII
Vive l'Oie,
Vive l'Roi.
By my new scheme I shall be able to ascertain every farthing in your pockets.
Lord Love your heart, I have only the price of a pint of beer my Wife gave me leaving home: she keeps my little stock. I'll tell you what if you grope her in this manner she'll give you a nice douce in the chops for your pains
The Elder shall serve the Younger  OPEN>> Rom. ix. and 12
Graphic Illustrations of Hogarth
Amo
Fitzherbert
Ich dien
Armistead
With artful Tales that Love impart! He slily Steals each Female Heart
Life in Paris
How are the odds on the Derby?
I'll back Spencer He's a good one
Ah! but St Giles is the favorite
I believe they are Speaking of me
I certainly heard something about St Giles
Holy Water
To Daniel O'Connell Esqr M.P.
M.P.
agitation
The Reform
Sir G° Van-Ne *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Beside it is a stag's head on which hangs a man's hat, just above Sawbridge. After the title is etched  OPEN>> A Hint for a new Reform
Black Jack
Brandy
Clifford versus Brandon—Verdict by Blunder £5
In the Sketch above, we find, The Face an index of the mind, But this Face and body are By nature destin'd for the Bar, If in his proper sphere he'd shine We recommend th
I'll not be drained of my last Farthing, therefore, my Lady, henceforth I will wear the Breeches
For tardy Voters
Townshend
Townsend
Cavendo tutus
This not brass Money
L50,000
To the Rt Honble Hy G-tt-n
Paine's Works
Lord C-ll-es Answer
Submission to Mr B------d
Catholic Address
Widow Lincoln's Account
Licence for Drams
Settlement with Jak Connor of Rush
No figure money
Whisky
To Mrs ------ alias Jackson Bridge Street
Observations by Dr Drennan
Resolutions of the United Irishmen
M.T.
Poison
1,559
Strand Bridge Shares, Hope Fire and Life Insurance
Agricultural Society Prizes
We'll swear any thing for money.
None but the brave deserve the Fair.
Oh pray Sir, doan't Kill Mammy, she only came to see Mr Hunt.
Cut him *BRACKETED* down, Cut him down.
Peculators
Reformers
Cut them down, doan't be afraid, they are not Armed, courage my boys, and you shall have a vote of thanks, & he that Kills most shall be made a Knight errant *BRACKETED* and your exploits shall live for ever, in a Song, or second Chivey Chace.
Shame, Shame, Murder, Murder, Massacree *BRACKETED* .
Shame.
To Windsor
nicely pois'd indeed
The Balance of Honour and Patriotism; or a Dialogue between Mr. H------and Mr. ------, in which the Demon of Discord very properly interferes
that you, good Mr. Devil, had been conducting me to H------ll, before Malagrida *BRACKETED* had persuaded me to engage in this d------n'd controversy
IHS
Imperial Cradle
The Good Old King and his Amiable Consort.
Prince of Austurias
Antonio and Carlos
Hush a bye - Hush a bye - you shall have your crowns again - but I dont know when!
Forged Bank Notes
List of Bank prosecutions average expence pr Annm 20,000 l—Dany Bowcleark Inspector
I say Johnny! where did you get all these Forged Notes —You must come along with us & take care you are not hang'd for Felony.
I may as well be hang'd as Starved—I took all these notes in the way of Trade—I can't tell Bad Good ones from Good Bad ones. Even those who issue them are frequently mistaken & have been deceived by Forgeries—If the  OPEN>> Govr & Compa
Forgeries
Notes of Admiration to be stuck up in our Shop Windows for Public gaze!!!!!!
Forged Bank!! Notes to be sold as waste paper
£5 Notes for sale as Waste Paper
1l & 2l Notes
£100 worth of waste paper to be sold for one penny
Forged
Decision of Lord Ellenboro
Last Dying Speech 30 Malefactors Executed for Forgery
Ultimatum
Be quick, or D-m-e I'm off.
Pray stop & I will agree to any terms.
Five Hundred Pounds Reward Wheras------ -------
Templa quam dilecta
There it is in capitals, - the Libel at full length, and five hundred pounds reward - he that runs may read, I think I shall be a match for the Ghost!!
In the Dead of Night a new Song
O Dear what can the matter be
Theatre Royal Good Natur'd Man Part of Croaker by------Farse of the Alarmist
My humble Sarvice to thee Maam—/ be come to talk about some specious business thee hast been engaged in lately—do thee know I & all my Family be specious glad that thee had spirit enough to go thro stitch with it, and they desired I to say that they owe thee Millions & Millions of thanks for blowing up such a Host of conspirators & tho some folks say it was done out of spight, yet I says no, for if a man engages to pay I, Forty Pounds a Year for having taken away my Mare & used her till he be tired of her, then turns her a drift on a wide and bare common and refuses to pay I that sum he agreed to pay why then if I can't Law him I should be obliged to expose his conduct to the World in order that he may not be suffered to take any more Peoples Mares & sarve them the same, & therefore I & my family begs their sarvice to thee most heartily
Why honest Mr Bull tho I have been roughly handled on account of my long adherence to Truth, your thanks is a sufficient gratification for all my trouble
Nobody
Hors *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . A house is indicated in the background:  OPEN>> Gloster Place
Ge° Farquhar Esqr
cit
Liberty Lane
botching tailor
penny barber's
Shoes neatly mended by W. Heeltap
What a prickley Beard the Rascal has got
Tim, Stick Toiler Small Jobs done here
Mine will be a Savory Rellish If he's fond of Cabbage
Shave for a penny
No Ray
Fox for ever
Love and Liberty
In commemoration of His glorious achievement on the 23rd day of April 1831, over the host of obnoxious Vermin that have so long devoured the substance of an Industrious People!!! To the not-right honourable the Boroughmongers, of the British Empire, this sketch is most respectfully dedicated, by their most humble, and very obliged servant Julio Severo
It is all over with us now & the day is theirs
Police!
I'm for Reform
Am I come to the-e Grave
Go it Billy! go it my boy! dont spare those rascals
the monster
I'll Relieve her
O Save my Namsake
Well done Jeffrey hold him fast by the tail
Whereas an attack was made on a young lady of this parish by a Monster. . .
You Vagabones make haste, Vite, Vite, or I shall not get to London by Christmass, give them more of the Fraternal Whip the Dam Rascals do not know the Value of Liberty!!
Liberte Toute Entiere
Grande Chambre for recieve de Petitions from de Englishmen
Me no smell de Beef Yet
to season de Beef
Cuisine for roast de English Beef ma Foi
Original
Justice
Innocence
Green *BRACKETED* , together with a judge, a bishop, and a third man, despite the efforts of a tiny demon-lawyer *BRACKETED* who clings to the beam. The contents of the bag are falling into the fanged and flaming jaws of a monster, representing Hell. These are papers inscribed  OPEN>> Lies
Cruel
Non mi Ricardo
Je ne me Rapelle pas
Truth
Mint-Seed \\ T. Y), why I tell you Doctor Buonaparte, nothing can effect a complete deliverance but my Prescription of Mint Seed it is the most Efficacious Remedy in the World
I deny that Doctor, my Pills are far more certain in thier operation & much quicker in their effect, for instance you have been months in attempting to deliver Italy & I have delivered her in a Day, but I refer you to Dr Melas & Dr Kray, who have both tried my Pills, & found them irresistable, therfore Dr if you do not immediatly acknowledge the superiority of my Pills by Mahomet *BRACKETED* I will make You
Income Tax
Consultation on the power of Mint Seed
Mint Seed for my own practice
Hoot Mon, I never knew a Countryman of mine but would prefer the Mint Seed to aw the Republican Pills i the Warld.
Rye I. Mile
cit
My Name Your Worship—is John Bull my buisness here is to give notice to my Creditors to avail myself of the benefit of the Insolvent Act.
I long thought it would come to this, I told him over and over a gain what would be the end of his Mad career.
however such a Circumstance might be looked forward to, it—certainly was not expected Just now.
London Gazette
I'll be D--d for a Cocu if that long ram has not been Tuping my little Ewe An Infamous Trick on Nell *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . On the bed is an open book inscribed  OPEN>> Notoriety
Strictures on the Cross Breed of a Scotch Ram with an Irish Ewe
my Mither did sa before me
Your R H------s
Your Grace
My Lord
In a few Days will be Publish'd Ld T--ls observation on Excessive Damages Dedicated to the D--e of Y---
If they squeeze much more I shall Burst.
Tax
T
A
X
The Princes Debts Annuities Bonds &c. Mrs Fitsherbert *BRACKETED* Robinson, *BRACKETED* Crouch
Load away Pitt, hey what what - no Grumbling, no Grumbling, Load Load
Age of Reason
To be sure the Prince did Promise faithfully not to get in Debt any more, when we paid his Debts the last time but - push away - thats your sort *BRACKETED* No Grumbling!!!
Halhed on Brothers
D.N.B.
Tax on Hearing seeing Thinking Walking. Crying Childreen &c - The Prince's Establishment, only 300.000 per Annum. The Princess of W-----s Establishment 200.000 pr An. Tax on Tiles. Windows. Doors. Bricks. Tiles. Deals. Coals. Salt. Butter Barley. National Debt. New Loan 18.000.000. Imperial Loan 6.000.000. Subsidies Naples Prussia Sardinia. Excise. Stamps. Breeches Tax. Malt Tax. Tax on Hair Powder. Tobbacco Tax, New Servants Tax, Shoe Tax, Stocking Tax, Places. Pensions. Sinecures. Secret Services. Spies.
Tax Tax
Jon Bull Barber
Taxed
Starved out
Tax
To Let inquire at Mr Pitt Felons Sid Newgate
Tax
Fox For Ever huzza.
C. Weltje Cotectioner *BRACKETED* to his Royal Highness
Mastir Billy
Down with Pitt
Pitt & Prerogative
Kings Men
Kelseys
My Good and worthy Hebrew Subjects - I am happy to see you enjoy the feast I have prepared for you - our Illustrious Family reverence the Jews - what you are now partaking of, Vulgar prejudice had given it the name of Westphalia Ham - but as I know you are not partial to Swines Flesh - it is our Royal will and pleasure that it shall from henceforth be changed to Westphalia Venison!!
It is vera coot indeed you and your Royal Brothers can turn anything to vat you please.
As I hope to be shaved I never tasted better Venison in all my Life.
I vonder if he wants to borrow some Monies, I would charge him no more as fivety pr Cent,
No you must not charge him more as dat he is very coot Friend.
Bonds
Old Cloaths
Requisition. \\ 500 Boeufs hollandais \\ 100 Millions de Numerair *BRACKETED* \\ 600 Moutons. 11000 Quint: de Ris. \\ 60000 Frontages. \\ d'Edam \\ 3000 Toneaux \\ de Genevre etc.
Republique Françoise
Cabinet d'Hist: nat
Les Battus paÿent l'amende
Jeremiah
"Pon honor Lady Caroline, You appear a |  OPEN>> divinity!—by Jove those Jewels are of the premiere |  OPEN>> qualité—did Love furnish them? |  OPEN>> On my truth Sir William You are a gay Man
Advice to Freshmen
The Dutchess of N------k
Hollo! Ye Land Shark - where are you brushing Off so fast. - Stay and hear the whole, we have not half done with you yet.
To Scotland
Private Savings
Wha would stay and be badger'd ther when he has the use of his legs, - and a muckle brae country to flee too! - Come along my bonny Trotter make haste man or Johnnys Bull Dogs will soon be at our heels!
Push on my boy ye knaw I allways follow my leader
Savings £13,000 Per Annum
Walker's Full Account of the Arrest of Sir Francis Burdett
Missed him! by G . .  OPEN>>  Each has a second pistol in his left hand. Pitt, in profile, says:  OPEN>> The only Explanation I give is this! There! - that's to shew you, that I bear no Personal Enmity! - but that no consideration of my own Safety, shall deter me from doing my duty to King & Country!!! - so Fire away!
no nor unsay any thing which we know to be true, neither.
Egalité
Missed him? - O Lord! Its worse than ye Morroon business! O Lord! O Lord! - if he had but been popp'd off, how nicely we might have popp'd on, - O Lord! O lord.
Abershaw
This Old Iron Shop to left
To Dublin
Regency cakes
What news, What News the tidings tell make haste and tell us all, Say why are Thus mounted Is Regent come and all.
By Jasus I'll tell you all in no time why you must know the K-----g is better than the Reg------t that is all
Oh by Christ Master Walgee *BRACKETED* made us such Regents and Regency Cakes.
Aye my Lads Dr Wallosus *BRACKETED* has done the K-----g over and the Reg------t wont take it
The English Lads were so merry by my Shoul they were always a laughing at us
Embassadors Extraordinary by St Patrick, but I've forgot, what we have done
Done why carried the Address and brought it back again with all these Cakes. Da------md deal better than Pottatoes
Major General of the Connecticut Forces, and Commander in Chief at the Engagement on Buncker's-Hill near Boston, 17 June 1775
Forgive me this time, John Bull, and I'll never do so any more
How can I countenance Smuggled works the truth & nothing but the truth so help me god, thats my Plan, so take this you naughty boy
O Dear John Bull take CARE'E don't hurt him
Poor soul he looks the Color of Morocco, I'm sure I wish him well over it
There—I have given you all excepting one little bundle the granting of which might be prejudicial to the Public service *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Holland, with bulky papers under his arm, holds out his crutch, saying,  OPEN>> That is the very bundle I should most like to see
He is a Greek; I am a Turk! You surely would not refuse a Turk?
Give them as much paper, and as little information as possible
<<CLOSE   Yet still Keep something to yoursel, You scarcely shew to ony
Ireland Shakspe . . .
Mr Bromley in his Catalogue &c. p. 390. has erroneously put this Portrait into his Seventh Class. - It ought to have appeared in the Tenth. See the Contents of it. p. 449.  OPEN>> Such cursed assurance,
Is past all Endurance.
Inscription under a Picture of the Editor of Shakespeare's Manuscripts, 1796. \\ by the Revd William Mason, Author of Elfrida & Caractacus *BRACKETED* parodying Dryden's lines on Milton].  OPEN>> Four Forgers, born in one prolific age,  OPEN>> Much critical acumen did engage.  OPEN>> The First, was soon by doughty Douglas scar'd  OPEN>>  Tho
chapeau-bras
Emancipation
Emancipation
"Gentlemen, I see no just grounds for refusing these men who are good loyal subjects a share in the administration; as they pay Church, Poor Rates, and sundry Taxes, and even towards mentainance of this very house:—in conclusion I hope you will grant the petition.
Oxford Pet
"Gentlemen I call you to reject this Bill without any furthur comment for the moment they enter this House they will expect to share the spoil with us
A Farce performed June 21st 1810 in which the principal Character was Omitted
Never saw such a Hoax since I've been a Hanger on on the Town why my Trojan! if I didn't know we are all Gentlemen here I should have taken you for a coal man mounted on his shaft Horse!
You are a fine fellow to be sure what you dont know Bigg's Main from Wallsend eh I have you there Georgy!
O Lord! O Lord! I hope they'l go on tho I like to be admir'd by the Ladies!
Gentlemen hall! I have just spoken to a very respectable Beef-Eater, who assures me the Baronet has brush'd and so we are bit. that's hall Gentlemen
Poh! D-me thats all gammon no gentleman would go for to serve gentlemen so ungenteel!
A pretty take in to be sure there's twopence halpenny thrown for washing my shirt for the occasion I could have had a glass of cordial gin with the money!
Well I dont care much about it I borrow'd my shirt and the Poney, so I'll keep em till Sunday & shew off in Hyde Park
Very shabby trick indeed I'll never make one in a shew again
nor I either Neighbour Nightsoil
My Eyes Nan! so we've sold Neddy to buy that there Bonnet and all the trick outs, to be sarved this go!
It's an ogiuos disapointment to be sure, but we can pop em tomorrow and buy another Neddy, they cabbages wont be spoilt you know Sam!
If the rear is a specimen of the front I'm off!
Here's the boat your Honor
Come don't stop you'll be discover'd
honest old Coward
Squire Richard
Dick Howard
Miss Bridget
Goody Gobble Cock
To be sung in character, to the Tune of an  OPEN>> Old Woman cloathed in Grey
puffing
A Family lived in the West, Of whom I this Story indite, Whose Mouths were the drollest confest That ever gave Mirrh *BRACKETED* or Delight. VIII. Thus Puffing's become now the Trade, Of Katerfelto* and Graham* well known, Whose Mouths confessedly are made, For nought else but Puffing alone. * Two Travelling Philosophers.
This Song is dedicated to those  OPEN>> Princes of Puffs
Wholesale Puff
Puff Warehouses
Devil
Black Cat
Temple of Health, Pall Mall
Brazen Head, St Stephen's Chapel
Puffs
General Paoli, Dr Johnson, and the Journalist practising his celebrated Imitations
Moo o oh
Ogden
Bruce
Corsica
Journal to the Hebri *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , On the near side of the cart is the monogram  OPEN>> JB
Alias the Goose-Catcher! . . *BRACKETED* &c. &c. &c. who departed this Life under the Hustings, near St Paul's Covent-Garden, a few Days after the Commencement of the Poll, for want of Assistance, although attended by the whole learned Body of Irish Chairmen. To which is added his ELEGY! by her Grace of D------e. With his EPITAPH!
Rambler's Magazine
My Noble Friend this is Coalition money
This is better then Dealing in Whipcord
I'll back you up Charley
Is it thus you Keep up your Corporation
You should have gone North about
I am Undone! I am Undone!
D--m E.O. and all the Vowels in the Alphabet
I have play'd for you all & have won you all
Fools ne'er had less grace in a year, / For wise men are grown foppish, / And know not how their wits to wear, / Their manners are so Assish *BRACKETED* , / Shakspeare
Barber Fecit
An \\ une \\ Appeal \\ Appellation \\ To au \\ Heaven \\ Ciel
Major Général d'Armee des XIII Provinces unies d'Amerique Prisonier de Guerre, fait par les Anglois
Histories of the Tête-à-Tête annexed; or, Memoirs of Sir J. Hogstie and Mrs Fl------yd
The Rolliad
By Law I'm Ruin'd quite
Spent all my Money & Lost my Cause
Mortgage
Officer's Fees
The Wit's Magazine
London 124 miles
George IV
Mr. Brougham
Prince Leopold, Bergami
Queen Caroline
Mr. Denman
Lord Erskine
Alderman Wood
Coalition
Interest
Ich dien
Euphorbium alias stinking popularity
Portland
Ye Bankes & Braes
Most opportunely a copy of the letter has come to light and proves my conjecture to have been singularly correct, the word is not  OPEN>> renew
Convention
or the Olive-Branch said to have been produced by the Spirited negotiations
Exd by Bouncing Humbugs
Secret Truth - Nothing gained but much expended
I wont hear a word of Manilla Ransom - nor of McDonald - nor shall you have a Dollar of Expences but I'll lead you thus till opportunity serves and then Dam'me if I dont pay you
I am softened and satisfied but let *BRACKETED* a little - pray do my dear Don
Scourge
Casting Vote
Pity the Sorrows of a poor young Man.
Petition of the D— of C—for 6000 P Anm
My Services
My Merits
Col. of the Huzzars 3000
Pension £18,000
. . . 800
No, No, we'll have no Petitions here—do you thint we are not up to your hoaxing, Cadging tricks? you Vagrant do you think we'll beleive all you say or swear?! do you think that your services or your merits will do you any good here? if you do I can tell you from experiance that you are, Cursedly Mistaken so set off & don't shew your ugly face here again, if you do: Shiver my timbers if I dont send you to Ellenborough Castle *BRACKETED* ; Aye Aye My boy I'll clap you in the grated chamber where there's neither door window onr *BRACKETED* fire place!! I'll put you in the Stocks! I'll put you in the Pillory:! I'll fine you I'll, I'll play hell with you:!!—D— me I think I have come just in time to give you a Shot between wind & water!
St Stephens
Is this a razor which I see before me. Thou can'st not say, I did it.
PSALMS
Ah! who could resist such Lovers as these happy is the woman whose husband is a Grenadier.
My daddy is a grenadier & he so pleased my Mammy O, with his long swoard and broad swoard and his bayonet so handy  OPEN>> O
Galignani's Messenger
Wha zoadna be in Love wi bonny Maggy Lauder
I'll end the contest quicker \\ Then Justice Judge or Vicar
Are you my Pretty Black Ester
yes Massa
Come along I'll tip you a Rowland for your Oliver
I'll emancipate you
Eren go Brach
Rumping now and ratting sport, Appear the pastime of the court.
Ich Dien.
i'll Swear it.
I'll second it.
I'll witness it in the Glass.
The Book
Douglas on Modesty
. . . dwifry
Form of an Oath
The Milk Woman Painted by L D-
To The Dairy
New Milk from the Cow
A View at Charlton
Anticipation Painted by Justice
I say, remember to take off your Hat when you wait on a Gemman!!! There kiss that you foutre.
Mary Magdalene's Cracked Pitcher
Vn Marys Peticoat
Holy Water
Office
Push on keep moving Billy
Pray forgive me this once! and I'll never do so no more.
May every honest man turn out a rogue
I say dont Laugh for we are Brothers
They go fast whom the Devil drives
Donnez-nous notre pain quotidien, et pardonnez nous nos offenses.
Voilà notre ressource
£5.000
Here they are all good votes—ready to vote for my coach horse if I order them—Give me the money & I'll secure you the seat
Well, here's the Cash—as for the Votes I'll leave them to you
Purity of Election
Attic Miscellany
*BRACKETED* minster Petition
If Carlo falls—no more the Graces smile; Nor Lords with gluttony reward my toil; So with expedient I'll cheer each drooping heart And boldly deliver my vote-pregnant Cart.
The Major will call this reforming Parliament in a Summary way
Westminster Election
Fox, Fox, Fox, Fox, Huzza &c.
Westminster Election
H - ALL, Covent Garden, Common poll Cart, BMSat 6075
Man-midwife
Conscience
Scrutiny
Fox and the Constitution - Alehouse for ever Huzza - huzza.
A voting we will go we'll go - we'll go &c.
Huzza, huzza
70,000 l.
Fox and the Loom holders for ever
Reform
Oh! Oh! I never was so exposed at Petersfield
Contract for Surrey Whitehal
Reciept for Petersfield 5000 G's
The School master's abroad
What! Spare the rod & spoil the child
High Rents
French War
Taxes
Oh! Spare the rod—We'll never do so again
Lord its all of no use, He's been o
This is what I call a real Jolliffe-ication
Hullo Governer *BRACKETED* if you dont take care, you'll be floord by the leaders of the Sovereign
Boo! boo! bluster! bluster! wont leave you a feather to cover your old rump
I have vanquish'd many a finer bird than you, my old Cock
If the Cock wins by our holy Prophet I swear he shall be cherished in our Seraglio as long as he lives
Five hundred thousand Rix dollars the Cock wins!
I would like to have a bout with her; but I'm afraid she'd soon do my business
I wish they'd let my Bird encounter her, he'd soon lower her crest - ten thousand she turns tail.
A Million to ten Thousand my Cock wins
Bl--t her eyes, she looks as if she was'nt afraid of any Cock in Europe! - I wont bet a penny, by G--d.
It is easy to see by her spunk, Potemkin has been her feeder
A Million of Rubles she'll win! at him again, my dear Mistress! Potemkin, your invincible Feeder will back you to the last.
I would give all that I have left of a Crown for such a glorious Bird
Lovegold from Windsor
Win *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . In the panes of the projecting window are bottles of cordials, punch-bowls, &c. The last of four verses:  OPEN>> He paid like a prince, Gave the widow a smack, Then slop'd on his horse at the door like a sack, While the landlady, touching the chink, Cried  OPEN>> Sir, should you travel this country again, I heartily hope that the sweetest of men, Will stop at the widow's to drink
Bravo! - Bravo!
Oh save me, save, Bob, run tell the King!
fe . fa . fum
Age of Reason Part II
Who hung o'er their pages, And vacantly smil'd
who decided, At Sight, That sparrows might  OPEN>> lawfully
Lord Bags
Lord Quack-Mouth
Lord Castle Hawk
Magna Charta & Habeas Corpus
Duke Mount-Horse
Duke Crow-Well-In-Tune
French Habits, N° 4
grand costume
Egalite
And still I blew a Fuller blast /  OPEN>> And gave a lustier cheer.
Conven *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  down his throat with the butt-end of a musket. Pitt, his head in profile to the right, legs wide astride, holds his weapon in both hands, saying:  OPEN>> What it sticks in your Throat does it? Oh I'll ram it dozen I warrant you, and when it is once past, you'll easily digest it ? You must not be obstinate Johnny ; when Laws are made you have nothing to do but to Obey them!!!
Book 25
Harlot's Progress
Statute Hall
Rake
Bawd
*BRACKETED* l Mall
H. H
Bawd
Scourge
honi
Annual Butt of Sack
£100 per Annum
Who best can sing of drinking loving lays Shall have the butt and with it take the Bays
Tho
Whom he has promis'd most I will be swore He'll give the Sack *BRACKETED* as he has done before
P.P.
Who has the Bays I do not care a curse, So that I always keep the Privy Purse.
Ich Dien.
Morng Herald
With praises so fulsome I've run such a race,  OPEN>> Tho not over modest I'm ashamed of my face.
Byron's Works
Far far from me be such temptation put, To bake a butt of Sack to make myself a butt.
Sleeping Beauty
Point of Honour
Lose no Time
Of Sleeping beauties I rehearse the rhyme Make me your poet lose no Time.
Little
I sing the joys of Love and Bacchus store My gracious R—g—nt would you wish for More?
Monk
Tales of Wonder
Castle Spectre
The Monk
I have written for pelf Till I frighten'd myself! ! ! !
Rokeby
Marmion
Lady of the Lake
Coke
Littleton
Statutes at Large
Three Thousand pounds I've made a Joke by A six weeks scrawl entitled Rokeby.
Temperance
I've often wish'd that I had clear For life one hundred pounds a year Swift Hem
Address
They say that under George the seconds rule Cibber was both the poet and the fool, The Prince more moderate now I'd have you know it, Will take the fool who is no poet
Written by Mr. C. Dibdin Jun. composed by Mr. Reeve, and sung by Mr. Smith, with unbounded Applause, at the Aquatic Theatre, Sadler's Wells
The story thus finish'd, the moral shan't lag:- The landlord who'd such little heart, Not the only one he who's been scar'd by a scrag, For a  OPEN>> scrag's
Bony-part
"O Rosabell! tho' forced to go,  OPEN>> With thee my soul shall dwell;  OPEN>> And Heav'n who pities human woe,  OPEN>> Will comfort Rosabell
*BRACKETED* al y pense
soit
Abe *BRACKETED* thy
Suppose and suppose the Giraffe it should die, Old Bags he should play over Him, we'd sit down and cry
100 000
10 000
1000
My Sweet Calf!!
Mighty Calf of Gold I will give unto thee my fair Daughter in Marriage; if thou wilt settle on her £15,000 5 Pr Cents. & in case of her demise that my three sons shall have £30,000 devided amongst them and also that they be made Trustees to the Estate.
Worthy preist of Clay as she Stands A one copperd & well found it shall be so—I'll marry the whole family—& my wife shall manage my Money bags.
I say Brothers this will be a snug thing if Sister kicks the Bucket £10,000 a piece my boys!!!!
Thou shalt not bow down to them & worship them &c.
Thou shalt not make Gods of Silver . . . *BRACKETED* Exodus Chap xx ver 23d
This Hat to be cut for the Simples
This Coat to be turn'd
Janson & the Golden Fleece.
Methodists!!!!
We eye Natures walks & Shoot folly as it flies
One
S
N
W
E
The Laws
Magna Cha *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* of Rights
Blue Ruien
I H S
Social Order
Virtue
No God! No Religion! No King! No Constitution.
Princes
The Book
Warsaw
Kosciusko
Poland
for Kates Spirit.
The Skill of the Com petors *BRACKETED* may be judged of by the following—first Match—Notts 21. Artillery Yagers 23. Second Match, Notts 18 Cumberland 31.
NB The Notts took 2 hours and 40 minutes to fire their shots, in order to drive the Cumberland into the night, the Cumberland fired theirs in 43 minutes begining *BRACKETED* at a 1/4 past Five.
Those queer looking Chaps are Robin Hoods Men, as they call themselves!
Well I always thought Robin Hood and his Men, had been Gentlemen!
Excellent Sharp Shooters Pyes! and Cumberland Nuts I can't recommend the Nottingham Cakes, the company says they are rather sour!
Why Master Pyeman your a Wag, you had better take care what you say, the Colonels a Magistrate!
Stand . . . Gun M *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  says to his neighbour:  OPEN>> Pon my vord dat little Coll vat you call be very fine shoot indeed, you toss up de pin in de Air and he shoot of de head pon my vord, I be de Gun maker!
And the Trumpeter into the bargain it seems.
It certainly must be oweing to the Belly Ache that I fired so bad I never had such a belly ache in my life before Gripe'd all night I assure you.
Why I say Coll! that man's fireing with a rest damme if thats fair they shant have the stakes
on a Lee shore at last
Rambler's Magazine
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
G. Riebau
*BRACKETED* uctioner. 439
Old Books bought
Price 6 \\ Imparti *BRACKETED* Life of Paine.
Stop gentle Reader, and behold A Beau in Boots, who loves his Gold; A Walking bookseller, an Epicure, A Teacher, Doctor, & a Connoissieur. Alias Doctor V------ in his Wrigling attitude, hawking old Books as Moses does old Cloaths
I see no signs of Convalescence
No damme, they must be all in a state of Coercion
went mad supposing himself next heir to a Crown
Plan of Fortifat ...
is went mad in the Study of Fortification
Driven mad by a Political itching
incurables
To the right owner
Naples
The Good City of Paris
Dark low'rs the Sky; the clouded air Portends the dire, approaching shock; Rapine exults, & grim Despair Laughs wildly from his barren rock: But soon shall Peace, from darkness breaking Smile brightly o'er our glorious Isle; And soon indignant Thunder waking From France shall tear a yoke so vile!
You know I'am your priest, & your Conscience is Mine, And you know you have been Wicked & that is a bad Sign.
Coalition
The Beast that thou sawest Was and Is Not, and shall ascend out of the Bottomless Pitt, and go into Perdition, and they that dwell on the Earth shall wonder when they behold the Beast that Was & is Not & yet Is. Rev. c. 17 v. 8.
This many-headed Monster of the Land At present on one Leg is seen to stand, Sometimes 'tis in, and sometimes it is out, And like a Weather Cock it shifts about, Fair Speeches and some Bribes it throws away, To gain the Ascendancy, - perhaps a Day, Stability and Permanency it mocks. The Head is *BRACKETED* and the Tail a Fox. Each different Mouth bawls loudly for itself, Yet all agree in one thing, Snack the Pelf
Our Officers have enough to do to take care of their precious selves poor Souls, not but they can Make a waistecoat or something like it with the help of an Army Taylor.
Nice Winter Quarters these.
Flannel Preservatives. Caps, Chin-pieces, Waistcoats, Drawers, Trowsers, Stockings, Socks, Mitts, &c.
5s.
tail
Honi Soit
Georgius IV
If thou be a King, where is thy Crown! My Crown is in My heart, not on my head!
No body can tell the trouble I have to keep the sluts in order—sad waste before I came into the House What Peelena I say theres no good to be got out of that Wench since she's become acquainted with those nasty Thieftakers
The fairest among the daughters of Britain shew themselves good statesmen as well a *BRACKETED* good Housewives Vide Addison
The Good Old Grey
Slough of Despond
What do you think of my Purge now
Grey
Reform
Begone you sad Rogues you have sat here long enough!!!
Magna Charter
Boroughmonger
A present from Southwk
Lies against Bonaparte
Queen's Trial
I'm Again for Boroughbridge
I'm Going to Tamworth
Matchless for Impudence and Blacking!!!
Westminster
Catholic Bill
Corn Bill
Holdfast Cam we are sure to get in again
Newark: His Grace's Seat
Newry
Penryn
Gatton
Old Sarum
Sudbury
Newport
Alderbury
Hedon
Corfe Castle
New Sarum
I'll join you Boys let's have a Union
Huzza! well done William!
No Reform
Corruption for ever
Its a Mistake
The Bedlamites
A Dialogue between John Bull and his Friend, Concerning the Row at the King's Theatre . . .
A Lancet is far superior to a Coopers Adz it is so sharp at the Point—besides it will perform a Scientific Operation with Expedition!
That Cursed Lancet has cut so deep, I fear the wound will never be closed—Oh! my posteriors!—My Seat of Honor!—My latter end!—Oh! dear—Oh! dear—Oh!—
Reform
Hu.a he's Out
Aye and with a Ground hopper too
Thats what I call a Purger
Foul Foul
Umpire Public Opinion
The Times
The Examiner
Europe
England
France
Spain
"Get thee glass eyes; / And, like a scurvy politician, seem / To see the things thou dost not
The King! the king!!
Does the Noble Duke mean to become the hero of the coup d'etat? No matter—I will be heard, by G—d—d—mme
Here's Will'eny in the Wind
The Lord Mayor and Sheriffs wish to see your M—j—ty, I believe your M—j—ty is aware of the object of their visit
O yes, but I dont wish to see them—say that I am  OPEN>> indisposed
Powerfully recommended to the Free & Independent Electors of the Renowned University of Cambridge as a fit & proper Member.
Now Sir before I give you my Vote my duty to my Country compels me to enquire as to your Intentions, pretentions & Abilities.
Eh h—h my dear Sir Should be particularly happy to do any thing in my power for — a D—d fine Girl as I was saying—do you know her eh?—pon honor must follow her—can't stay now—be particularly attentive when Elected,—always mind what's told me by—by the D—s *BRACKETED* .
ha-ha, A Dandy Member an Excellent Trench er Man I suppose tho!!!
£5 4 0
Thirty Pounds for the Lot
Mine got! fifty
His Majesty intends diminishing the extravagant expense of the Military Officers Dresses.  OPEN>> See the Papers
English Convenience - the Water Closet
Bill of Fare, - Turtle Soup Fish Poultry H . . .
Roast Beef of old England headed by a sirloin
Hist. of Everyday Things in England 1733-1851
One Dagger for Two
Scotch Convenience - the Bucket
The Sweets of Edinbro
Croudie a Scotch Reel
French Convenience - le Commodites
Caira nouvelle chanson
Soupe Maigre petit Chanson.
Dutch Convenience - the Lake
*BRACKETED* Sung with unbounded Applause by Mr. Johnstone, of the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane
Donny-brook fair
He drove the frogs into the bogs, And bother'd all the Varment! vide Popular Song—
Proclamation for Suppressing Seditious Meetings—Criminal Information &c &c &c
What!—do the Vagabonds think that one of the Conquerers of Waterloo can not crush this nest of hornets?—Veni, vidi, vinci!!!
Smother them all My Lord —or they will breed nothing but disorder and disUnion
Criminal Process
Reptiles
Agitation!
Rapale of the Union
Discord
Jesuitical Correspondence
Preistly influence
Proposals to Government
Seditious papers
Rents Revolutionary purposes
honi soit
REFORM
Honor
Virtue
Persecution
Injustice
Napaul
Oppression
Tyranny
Merit
Humanity
Veil of Duplicity
Parliamentary Influence
Ministerial Support
Infamy | MB CCC XV
Public Execration | Corruption
Episcopacy
Incapacity
O Lord what makes the fleas to bite / I never did them harm / At first they came by twos & three's / But now how they do swarm.
Treasury Chest
Gaffer G—y.—O, say! O, say! Broom Girl—Dont tempt me, I pray; You know Pve thrice sworn to be true, man Gaffer G—y—What of that, to your view I such temptation shew As was never before shewn to woman. Broom Girl—I fear! I fear! Gaffer G—y—O, what, my dear? Broom Girl—You're planning my fair fame to ruin Gaffer G—y: Never fear, never fear! 'tis now very clear, They're the Fears & the No's of a woman
There is the interest and the Vouchers!! forshame!! Your dishonour Mangles true judgement, and bereaves the State Of that Integrity which should become it.
I! I! I! Know nothing about them perhaps Hamilton may.
Bond for 20.000 payable in case my son should attain the age of 21.
Interest of 5.000
Swear its false my lad or your honor is for ever gone.
What thus deny your plighted Troth.! perjured man beware, is this what you call Patriotism.
To Oxford
the Scribe
How do you like that  OPEN>> thou liar of the first \\  OPEN>> magnitude
who would not say that this knave |  OPEN>> deserved tossing in a blanket
It is time to tell \\  OPEN>> you, that fear of sin, and not fear of \\  OPEN>> you, deterred our acceptance of your |  OPEN>> ceaseless sumons to the field of strife \\  OPEN>> we shall now trundle thee without mercy
Hah! hah! hah! do not spare him Harry punish him while he is in our power
Pull away my hearties with Morpeth
This is for  OPEN>> dealing out y or reckless calumnies
And is this the return you make for past favours such as getting you transplanted from a country parish to the town; ungrateful and treacherous wretch!  OPEN>> Every law of war, every principle of honour, every |  OPEN>> Sentiment of humanity every claim of justice and truth is over and over \\  OPEN>> Sacrifised by you to the gratification of your passion for contest, and thirst |  OPEN>> for revenge
Under the mask of peace you delight in war
Brownie
"Ma conscience! there is a fine example of Christian forbearance and brotherly love. Thats what Anglicana calls a quartetto in the minor key, but I would call it. thorough base
I'll trample on Corruptions favorite Minions
Influence of the Masked Battery of Tyranny
Dom his Phiz I'll cut his Weezen
Now we will treat with them.
We are Loyal but we will be Free
cit
Don't buy them Daddy! we don't want Stones. Give us Bread! Give us Bread! Give us Bread!
Here's a Bargain for you Johnny! Only £35.000!! I have bought them on purpose for you! Never think of Bread when you can have Stones so wonderous Cheap!!
Ministerial Economy a Farce of 1816 by ... & Castlereagh
I don't think somehow that these here Stones are perfect! & had rather not buy them at present—Trade is very Bad & provision very Dear & my family can't Eat Stones!—Besides they say it will cost £40,000 to build a place to put them in— As the Turks gave them to our Ambassador in his official Capacity for little or Nothing & solely out of compliment to the British Nation—I think he should not charge such an Enormous price for packing and Carriage!!
Good News for J Bull—In consequence of the Glorious Peace—Increase of Taxes & Decrease of Trade, the Quartern Loaf will be sold in future for one Shilling & Sixpence.
Let him take his Stones back again to the Turks we dont want them in this Country!!
The Grand National Stone Buildg of the Strand or Waterloo Bridge impeded & delay'd by an Enormous & illiberal Demand for the purchase of the Crown land in the Savoy
Just Publish'd Speculation!! or Travels in the East in search of ruinous fragments of Stone by Lord Elgin
Corruption
cit
Scourge
The First Book of the Acts of the Regent
Egg Brandy
Rest your R—l head upon my bosom it was made to bear yes even the weighty thing that fills the chair before T—e.
Am not I your own purse *BRACKETED* and is not that enough to make me purse proud lean your R—l arm on mine, I can accomodate you in any way.  OPEN>>  The Prince says:  OPEN>> Bring me the Roman Punch there is much excellence in Punch it exhilerates it revives!
Juice of Perjury
Suborned Evidence
The Punch will soon be ready, and the ingredients are of excellent quality.
Liquor of Infamy
Pandoras Box
Preferment
Aye leave such punch makeing to my Lady and me, who can match us?
Revenge
Resentment
Gold drop
Gold drop from the *BRACKETED* Privy Purse
Essence of Malignant Invention
Spirit of Perjury
Sussex and Divorce
Seperation infallible
Never doubt it will be excellent Brother—and I have stirr'd it up well.
Brav *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . In front of the table, near the Prince, Sheridan sprawls on the floor beside his overturned chair, and a decanter of wine which spills its contents. Spread out before him, and lying across a pamphlet inscribed  OPEN>> forty Thieves
Butcher £300, Baker 200, Wine Merct 1000, Tallow Char 150, Coal Mercht 200, Silversmith 300, Taylor 230, Hatter 20, Hosier 40
School for Scandal by the Rt
I am wearrid of this Investigation clamorous Creditors and long Bills are troublesome; give me more Wine.
Well of all investigations, none is in my mind so pleasing as that of a savory Eel Pie
A New Dictionary of the Vulgar Tongue
I hope my Pocket will not be investigated or Bags may be brought before the Lord chief Justice.
Wither my Love Ah wither art thou Gone *BRACKETED* .
ex breed
Hay! Hay! Apple Dumplings how got the Apples in how are they made without Seams!!
To Windsor
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Horns
By Command of their Majestys Harlequin and Oberon
I contemplate this Wonder of the World & regret that all my Conquered Domains cannot Match this Man, Pray Sir are not you a descendant from the great Joss of China.
No Sir, I am a true born Englishman from the County of Leicester, a quiet Mind and good Constitution nourished by the free Air of Great Britain makes every Englishman thrive.
Come I say my hearties—you must pull them rails down again I'm not going to shut out my tenants—so down with it—lets have no more Jaw about it
Do you think his honor is serious. Bob
why he looks so
List of his Maje *BRACKETED* \\ Privy Council \\ Earl of.. Lord.. \\ Duke of D...\\ Earl of... \\ Rt Hon. C. J. Fox *BRACKETED* Duke of Leed *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . By Norfolk is a torn paper:  OPEN>> Lord Lieutenant of the West Riding York . .
A Seat in Parliament to be disposed off enquire at next General Election
Speech Whig Club
Charley, keep a civil \\ Tongue in your Head
Jocky of Norfolk \\ be not so bold
"Ye little Stars *BRACKETED* hide your diminished heads.
I say my worthies, can't you go on quietly & not make such a confounded noise—why you will frighten all the old women out of their wits.—
That's a pretty thing to say to people in our desperate condition! Go on quietly & dont make a noise!
I can tell you my fine fellew *BRACKETED* !  OPEN>> that you must submit to hear more noise unless something be done for the people— I know the law as well as you or any man in England—and D—me! I'll make as much noise as I like
Palmers Principles of Nature
Age of Reason Part 3 *BRACKETED* An Essay on Dream
Spinoza's works
Philosophical Dictionary
Ruins . . .
The Philosophical Dictionary
The Contrast
Opium
Don't talk to me of Humanity & the feelings of a generous heart, I say Poison those Sick dogs they are a burthen to me, & can no longer fight my Battles!!! I say destroy them - As for those Turks, them up in the Garrison, turn all the Guns upon them, Men, Women, & Children & blow them to atoms, they are too bold & resolute for me to suffer them to live, they are in my Way.
Defend
To Guard the Innocent.
Truth
Libertas
Tyranny, Injustice, Priestcraft, Bishops, Soldiers, Law, Taxes, S. Secrets, Sinecure, &c., Perjury
Envy
Hatred
Malice
New Times
Courier
How dare you fellow - not having the fear of me before your eyes) write over your shop in Capital letters CITIZEN SHAVER to the SWINISH MULTITUDE
Please your Worship, I had advice of Counsel - he said I was a great fool for so doing but your Worship would be a greater if you took any notice of it
Pray let me in! I am sure I shall Behave myself, as well as some, whom you have admitted
I cannot let you pass, if I admit you the respectable Gentleman in the broad brim andall therest, will expect to get in
He must not be let in yet P——l, but if we dont take care the fellow will slip in, in spite of us
Agitate friend Moses Agitate! that's the way I got in
You exclude the Jew and Quaker, while the Atheist, who laughs at your oaths, obtains Admission
or a newly discover'd animal, not known in Buff on's time; for a more full description of this Monster, see, an ingenious book, lately publish'd, price 3/6, entitled, Man-Midwifery dessected, containing a variety of well authenticated cases, elucidating this animal's Propensities to cruelty & indecency, sold by the publisher of this Print, who has presented the Author with the above for a Frontispiece to his Book.
Lever
This shelf for my own use
Love Water
Cantharides
Eau de vie
Cream of Violets
forceps
Boring Scissors
Blunt Hook
Mother Louse
Louse Hall
Oh! Absalom my Son. If thoud'st worn a Perriwig This wou *BRACKETED* neever been done
The Surprising PIG well versed in all Languages, perfect Arethmatician Mathematician & Composer of Musick
Liberté des Nègres
Wasington
Droit des Gens
Traité de Paix
Paix et Amitié
Hôpital
The House that Jack built
cit
vide Charley's elucidation of Lord C-stl-r-gh's Speech! - A Nightly Scene near Cleveland Row
Awake, arise, or be for ever fall'n!
Pour Subjuguer le Monde
Horrors of Invasion
Prussia hovers menacingly over Fox
India Roses
Emancipation Roses
French Roses
Coalition Roses
Volunteer Roses
Intemperance
Drosy *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Dissolution
John Bull
List of the N *BRACKETED* Broad-Bottom Administr *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* ,  OPEN>> Citizen Volp *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* ,  OPEN>> Lord Pogy
- Bett Armstead
Doctor Clysterpipe
Miss Petty
Che Sara Sara
Coalition
Prerogative
The Purse of the Nation
Portsmouth Fly
The Jolly Soldier
Consisting of 1920 Rank & File, besides Officers; who on the 10th of June, 1798, left London in the morning, and actually began to Embark for, Ireland at Portsmouth at 4 o'clock in the afternoon, having travelled 74 miles in 10 hours.
Political Sermon
Essay on Government
Revolution Toasts, Essays on Matlin *BRACKETED* Spirit
Gunpowder
Bible explained away
Your Sublime Highness, is to blame I Fear, Thus forcibly to Enter My Fron . . . tier In Rearing Rampant, on each Slight pretence, You Risk the Blush, which Shame gives Impotence; My Shield is tested, and Approved as Staunch.
By Every Artist, famous in this . . . Branch, Should then each Member, in your Salique Land, Rise up against My Tower, and make ... a Stand, They Shall yield Victory, to this potent Hand. Creed
N° 19.......
I Promise to pay to Messrs Fudge, Swindle and Nocash, / Bankers, or Bearer, Two Pence, when Country Banks shall / have been abolished and when Sterling Gold and Silver, Only, / shall again become the circulating medium of Old England. / London, the 1st day of August *BRACKETED* . / For Clodhopper, Bumpkin & C° / Zekel Hardbrass. / Pence Two / Entd Roger Rustic
Shuffleton Bank
All is not Gold that glitters. Mind yourself
Rais'd by the necessity of the times. / Ruin'd by our speculations
Learn to be wise by others harm / and ye will do full well
And so, - if you do so, I do so!
Oh! - Oh!!
cit
I declare my very wig, stands an *BRACKETED* end with Curiosity!! What can they be quareling about? O that I could but be let into the secret if I ax our gentleman concerning it, tis ten to one if he tells me the right story
a cormorant
a Lame Duck
Taxed Winds
To the Treasury
The Milky Way
For this night only. For the Benefit of Sylvester Daggerwood, At Folly's Theatre, in Little Britain \\ Will be presented an entire new National Farce, called The Statue of Bronze, \\ Or, an improved Imitation of the Golden Calf. \\ The Principal Characters by A Monopolist, A Loan Jobber, A Commissary, and a Jailor. \\ Who will exhibit the various Attitudes of Devotion, and surprising Humility of Prostration of the darkest Ages of Idolatry \\ Who will be translated to the Milky Way on a Lame Duck and a Cormorant. \\ To which will be added, a Serio-Comic Spectacle, called The Pic Nics *BRACKETED* ; Or, The Muses in the Suds. \\ At the conclusion of this Entertainment will be exhibited The Magic Idol, in Papier Mache, \\ Which being suddenly animated will astonish John Bull and his Credulous Family by various Feats of Activity; \\ and in a most surprising manner will be seen to give a Soporific to Britannia, \\ And Metamorphose A Bundle of Rags into a Hundred Millions of Money. The whole to \\ terminate with a Fandango by the Characters. And an Epilogue by Master Apollo Dagger-wood \\ ⁂ Tickets to be had at the Bank of Air, in Paper Buildings, near Rag Fair. \\ No Money to be returned
Cat's Meat
John Bull at home
Inlisted.
Trained to Arms
On Foreign Service
GR.
Camp Dinner.
In Battle.
Loaded with honors of War.
O Bony Lass will you live in a Barrack
Needham for Ever
Upon my soul I can't take such a trifle to sell my Country.
Come on my Boy the General will do your business.
Am I to be disturbed by the Obscene Unnatural grimaces of a Baboon.
What a pity that such thunders of eloquence have not to resound in the ears of the Sleeping Commoners.
Needh *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , and a cart from which six grotesque ragamuffins watch the hustings. In the cart are lifeless men, apparently dead drunk. Under Needham's feet is a terrier, its collar inscribed  OPEN>> Needham
Satirist
I will engage you all for the present Season and—methinks I shall do well, to engage the Devil to play Lewis's Wood Daemon *BRACKETED* .
Emendations of Shakespeare by I. P. K.
Shakespeare
*BRACKETED* Managers Last Kick
Whip hard, Geordie
Dam it *BRACKETED* I'll not spare them Willie
Bs Bridge
Liberty
Holland
Savoy
Germany
Prussia
Italy
River Sheldt
Liberty
Liberty
Liberty
Vive la Liberia
Liberty
Liberty
Island of Elba
Corsican Dog
Fools Cap
Bag of Brown Bread
Baton Marechâle
Be gar you Cocquin now I shall drive my Old Friends and bonne Customers de English Vive Le Roi et le Poste Royale.
Road to Elba
We Long to pick your Bones.
Westminster
Preserving the Rights of the City
Towns end
Freedom of Election
Jews - Marrow bones & Cleavers, Weavers, Bludgeon Men, Chairmen, Lodgers, Nonentities, Proxies, Dead men, Widows &c.
Canvasser, Representative, Dictator and Returning Officer, alias, The Man and Master of the People
Fir
Hemp
Fur
Tallow
Tar
Iron
We may as well die fighting for our bread as have our Merchandise shut up in our warehouses & not suffered to export them so heres at you hie-hie pitch stick to him
You'll stop our trade by selling Hemp will you & so starve us to Death
go it thats your sort
I'll teach you to shut up our ports & prevent us selling our Tallow.
They will soon worry him to Death and then I'll make another Emperor
To lead the mob, mid factions storm I rode my hobby horse—reform And had it all my own way Till other levellers ruled the mob And then I lost my seat and nob Take warning, My Lord G—y
Rambler's Magazine
G.R.
My worthy Geese &, Ganders, although I have every reason Imaginable To believe, that I have not one real vote in a Hundred yet if you will put your Mite into my Box I will endeavour all I can to Bother my opponents and you into the Bargain. Pray remember the poor Fox
Fox's Begging Box. For the Good of my Self. Let my Country be D------d
Standard of Sedition
Fox for ever
Politic Reynard here in Statuquo Displays at once his poverty & woe Your kind assistance is his only plea That he may Stand the fatal Scrutiny His Wits you'll find your Pockets is to fleece Beware ye ganders and beware ye Geese The Widows mite he'll take between his Clutches With as much Glee as he would kiss a Dutchess
Driver
My Dear Fellow since you have been so good as to keep my head above Water - pray take care of my Glass Slippers *BRACKETED* - and set me down in a snug place at the receiving house over the way
Carlo
The King
I reign over all
The Bishop
I pray for all
The Soldier
I fight for all
Farmer Bull
Hard Earnings
But I pay for All
National Debt
Consols
India Bonds
Exchequer Bills
Police Charges
Debt
Select Vestries
I dont think I can possibly bear it much longer
Woolsack
Constitutional Soap Suds for renovating & cleansing any thing & every thing
Reform Bubble Bill
There's Three beautiful formations are they not Broom
Yes! But don't you see the wind blows them all against poor Johnny's load, where they are sure to burst
Bubble
My Lords, the petition which I hold in my hand, bears a signature, with which most of your Lordship's are familiar. Tho
The Oppressor of Botley defence  OPEN>> Those who have been employed by me, not only like my employment but they like me personaly better than they like any man in the World on account of my frankness and sincerity which they allways experience from me that freedom in conversation that unrestraind familiarity, and that absence of every *BRACKETED* like superciliousness or austerity which have always marked my Character—Political Register Saturday July 29. 1809 Page 16
Really Sir—this defence Out does all your former out doings!!!
What you are making your Obervations *BRACKETED* , but D------n your Eyes you Brandy faced B—h I dont care a farthing for you
see Gillets edition of the Winchester Trial where this elegant language is mad use of
Bless him, how like a Gentleman he swears! well I hope he will stay amongst us for they say if a bad one goes a worse comes in his place, and I am sure if a worse than he should come it must be the Devil himself
Enraged Musician
Hogarth's Works
How very diminutive every thing appears from this astonishing elevation who is that little man I wonder on the Island the other side the ditch - he seems to be watching my motions.
Why surely that can't be Bonney, Perch'd up in that manner Rabbit him if he Puts one of his Poles across here - I'll soon lighten his timbers.
hieroglyphic letter
F *BRACKETED* rq *BRACKETED* er
Mantraps & Spring Guns
Vinegar
The Mouths of the Rhine
German Ocean
Arch-Duke Charles
Bill of Fare - 1st Course Sour Krout - 2d Course Sour Krout - 3d Course Sour Krout - Desert Sour Krout.
Weyler Castle Street
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Compartment 1.
Evening
Long Fields
Comp *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  An apprentice walking arm-in-arm with a young woman.  OPEN>> Comp 3
Comp *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  A game at bowls, one man about to play, five others watch intently, three smoking pipes.  OPEN>> Compt *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  Haymakers, one couple dancing, others sleeping under hay-stacks, or watching the dance *BRACKETED* .  OPEN>> Comp. *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  A  OPEN>> curd and whey woman
Cap *BRACKETED* lation
Guilty of Error of Judgement- Death
Mark!!! If those who have caused the Death of Thousands are suffered to escape. I am a Murdered Man.
Island of Minorca
*BRACKETED* Mahon
Standing Army
Good Sir, for Charity's sake \\  OPEN>> have Pity upon a poor ruin'd Man; - \\  OPEN>> drop if you please, a few bits of \\  OPEN>> Money into the Hat, & you shall \\  OPEN>> be rewarded hereafter -
Forced Loan in reserve
Humble Petition, for Voluntary - Contribution Subscriptions & new Taxes, to save the Distres'd from taking worse Courses.
Wm R
From Constitution Hill
To Slavery Slough by Beggary Corner
A slap at slop
grotto
Please to remember the Grotto!
Anti-Social Association
The Political House that Jack built
Hence will I drag thee headlong by the heels unto a Dunghill, which shall be thy grave ; and there cut off thy most ungracious head, which I will bear in triumph to the - *BRACKETED* !
Shakspeare
squire Ralpho. One foot of each is imprisoned; their hands are clasped. Burke looks at Fox, who sits with closed eyes and a dejected expression. Pitt stands *BRACKETED* holding a halberd and a bunch of three keys labelled  OPEN>> Treasury
Prerogative
Vox Populi
This day is pubd------An Essay on ye Tumblime and Beautifull by Ralph B.
India Bill
Warrant of... Temple
Otium cum Dignitate
Sure none that see how here we sit, Will judge us overgrown with wit; For who without a cap & bauble Having subdu'd, a bear & rabble, And might with honor have come off, Would put it to a second proof: A Politic exploit right fit, For Coalition zeal & wit! Hudibrass
Lucretia
'One lover to another still succeeds, Another & another after that. - And the last Fool is welcome as the former: Till having lov'd his hour out he gives place, And mingles with the herd that went before him.
Remonstrance of the People
Rights of the People
Sedition Bill
Ministerial Influence
Informations
Fate of the Sedition Bill
Libertas
Nay & you'll stop our Mouths, beware your Own
House of Commons
Treasury
Come Mr. Honesty attend to your Duty!! Observe the Corporal, & keep time with the Fugleman; Eyes Right Sir!!
1st Motion
2d Motion
Westmin *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* . On Fox's bandolier is  OPEN>> Chert. . Vol. .
NB The left hand Man *BRACKETED* is stiled Corporal because at present he has no Appointment but as the Scene Shifting is nearly over it is expected he soon will have one
Holy Water
In Waterloo I lather'd them till they turn'd white.
Louis must rub on as well as he can & we'll keep him in hot Water.
They are fast colours & we shall only Burn our fingers by Dabbling in such Domestic Affairs!
They look white at present but I am afraid the Colours will appear again after all!
Instructions to pull down all the Statues & public Buildings that may remind the people of Napoleon & to rub & pick out all the N's in the Tapestry, table Cloths Jack towels Napkins & Dusters of the Royal palaces
The Restoration of the Bourbons a tale of a Tub!
A new Map of Holland
Helder
D-n his narrow Carcase there's no hitting of it!
Dont hurt him dont hurt him, there there now you have Spoiled the Map of Holland
Oh what a pity 'tis it did not hit his waistcoat
Three Well Known Caracters
STL
MW
MW
Mr. Thornton
New Police
Rum turn tiddi iddi | Move on there.
Cheap Police Half Yearly To be paid in advance.
. . . . 5.000; St Clements £1.150; St George's £8.240; St Giles's £4.000; St Mary la boune £11.000; St Paul. Cov. Gar. £750; St James's Wesr 4.00 *BRACKETED* ; St . . . . £1.974.
&c's
To Cuckolds Hall
Fox
this Destroys the Coalition
I am going for More airy Promises
Ch------s *BRACKETED* is a curse on Coalitions
Avast hauling There
Take Ch------s with you
D-----n my Eyes bring her Back
I'll be damn'd if She goes
No Boreas here
A Paris
Dont go N-----th
His other Half is Behind
Pains & Penalties
Britania Æterna
India scourg'd
Cap. 9
Revelation
Revelations Cap. 13
My Power will last 42 Months
it is only a Bit of Wax C------s
what was the consideration of a charter, a skin of parchment with a waxed seal.. . compared to the happiness of thirty millions of subjects . . .
Parl. Hist.
Memoirs
India Charter Well Done Man of My People
The India House Falling
Bengal
Cap 21
Book of Revelation
the holy Jerusalem
The Air Balloon Carrying up the Royal George and Lord N------th &c.
cit
To Camelford House
G R
Oh! my Back! I never can bear it—I this will finish me.
Oh mine dear! you drive so fast I shall be off!!!
Never fear! I'll teach you an English Waltz.
12.000 Pocket money
German Steel
50.000 Pr Anm
G R
Army for Peace Establishment 150.000
Assessed Taxes
Increase of Salaries
Bill for pulling down and rebuilding Lond *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ;  OPEN>> Plans for Thatched Cottages
Economy
Income Tax
qui Mal
from Pekin
from Canton
Push on! Preach Economy! and when you have got your money follow my example—
Brighton
When two ride upon a Horse, one must ride behind
Trial of Colol Debbeig
Evil be to him that Evil thinks
Quisque me impune lacessit
The triple alliance
Tria juncta in uno
Music hath charms to soothe a savage Beast
The Regency Puppet Show
Receptacle for the poor Curates, Repairs of Churches; and Support of Paupers.
£50,000 per Annum
£60,000 per Annm
See the Conquering Hero comes.
Mete unto every Man according to his Labor.
For Curates, Repairs of Churches, Support of Paupers
Poor Curates
Thanks to the Power that has relieved our Wants.
The palace that N-h built: a parody on an old English poem. By I. Hume
Napoleons rare, *BRACKETED* I'll lie and swear To serve the K—g.
To the Green Bag *BRACKETED* we'll stick, Fill'd with lies so compact, Who can ever do wrong That's by Sovereign's well back'd.
'Twas Brougham's Drops, he mix'd 'em strong,  OPEN>> How could he be so cruel.
The Queen . . . *BRACKETED* a Play
Tiptoe
Oh! that this too, too solid flesh would melt.
'Twould cause a fall in Kitchen stuff.
For she sitteth at the door of her house on a seat, in the high places of the city: To call passengers who go right on their ways. Proverbs, Ch. IX. vers 14 & 15
"He saw her charming; - but he saw not half
The Charms her downcast Modesty conceal'd. -  OPEN>>
N. 13......'Text:  OPEN>> I Promise to pay to Messrs Catch-pole, Latitat & Puzzlecause, / or Bearer, Two Pence, when the glorious uncertainty of the Law / shall have ceased and when the whole fraternity of Attornies, / including Pettifoggers and Quitammers, throughout the United / Kingdom shall have acquired integrity. / London the 1st day of April *BRACKETED* for Self, Simple & Pennyless, / Simon Lostall. / Pence TWO / Entd Ninny Smartmuch. On the left of the text is a shield on which is an open pair of shears within a circle, the border inscribed:  OPEN>> We cut what goes between us! Flagitiosorum grex
The Pettifogger's Arms
I Pledge myself to pursue and bring this man to Answer the Mischiefs occasioned by his Timerity and his obstinacy and I will bring all the Orkneys and every friend of Charles Stuart to support me
Eloquence or the Art of making wrong appear right
A List of Lodgers Votes in & out of Vest------r
List of Bawdy House Keepers in West------r
This business stinks horribly
l can smell how matters goe
I.I.I.am. . .
A political Plan from the Present M-----y
And as he reason'd of the Electors, the Elected, and Judgment to come Felix trembled
Mimbo  OPEN>> Here Missee  OPEN>> Tell Quashebah to tell Prue to tell Dido  OPEN>> to tell Sue to come and pick up /  OPEN>> my Needle.  OPEN>> Yes Missee  OPEN>> Quashebah is gone to Market  OPEN>> Missee and wont be back dis /  OPEN>>  tre hour  OPEN>> What am I to wait three hours for my needle?  OPEN>> Tell Prue to tell Dido to tell Sue to come  OPEN>> and pick up my Needle
There! thats the Man!
By the Almighty God 'tis a lie!!
Watch Watch A Call ye Watch
—This Print is most humbly Dedicated to the Independent B.C.P. by the Right Honorable Timothy Tarbucket.
Having been obliged to recognise the King of the French, we must—as a set off acknowledge our friend Miguel. The Belgians —poor people!—not knowing how to take care of themselves must be protected from the evils of independance! so much for foreign affairs—now for domestic: I say that our present system is the very perfection of systems, and consequently admits of no improvement, I will go further and say that while I have power no species of reform shall take place! and now having said it If P—l will but manage the new Police *BRACKETED* H——ge Ireland G—lb—n abstain from projects of finance & Ell—nb—gh, hold his Tongue, we may manage to keep our seats for another session
I dreamt last night, that at the civic feast The Turtles living stood, and flapp'd their fins That ev'ry table-spoon became a pitchfork The chickens turr'd to Vultures, & the turkeys Rear'd up their bloody heads and cried aloud Cobble! Cobble! Cobble! thou State Noodle! My serving man, poor Bob, stood all agast His eyes as big as saucers, as you now see him The vision shook my frame—never did I Tremble so much upon the bloody plain While thousands died around me—Your M—y Must not presume to go on Tuesday next— Frame some excuse—say, say you're ill—
I'll tell them there is reason to apprehend What?—what shall I say
I do begin to fear 'tis you, Not by your individual whiskers, But by your dialect and discourse
Grey
Rights of Parliamt
Virtue Triumphant or the Expulsion of Vice and Opposition Silenced
Old Bluff *BRACKETED* has Paid me many Compliments the B-----p of C------ *BRACKETED* has said many Handsome things but all Condemn my Party, oh that I was but free from such.
Young Birds just fledged their sweet Nootes ravish my Ears & please my Eyes but D------n the Hen that peck'd my Nose
Thus on my knees I swear I never did love Try------l *BRACKETED* with half the Flame I feel for you A Flame that Constantly devours me
How sweet the love . . .  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* , she looks to the left, her left arm outstretched, saying,  OPEN>> Such what? go on to name the thing you most Dispise, are you then like a beast of draught, who's coller's stretcht & tharefore Galls him
Gentlemen & Ladies I shall begin to Exhibit again very shortly & then I'll Astonish you all, if I do not prove that H-----gs *BRACKETED* might have acted more liberal to Us than any Begum did to him, never give me Credit any more D------m me if I do says a Taylor!
The Contract
The Bargain's Struck, Dam Church & State Both Jews & Greek & Christian too I hate Price & Dissenters aye their Cause I'll plead, the Test Act shall like Shop Tax Crown my head
My Brethren let Brotherly love continue, it is a Just Cause you must believe your Pastors we'll make them repeal the Test Act
Blind Mans Buff—with the poor
I can't See you
Pray open your eyes
have pity on us
If I lay up my Corn, what is that to any one - There is your Rent in a good round sum, - I am none of your fifty pound Farmers!
My Dear Sir, you are very good - I am sure you are a very honest Man - your Countenance is an index to your mind
Scourge
Truth
Ex Officio
Ministerial Influence
Shield of Degraded Law
Trial by Jury
Standing Order
Chancery File
Satire
Here lies the Body of Truth
Touch the Sillar!!! - T'is a on disgrace on aw Scotland!
What my ain Countrymen turn their backs on me! then tis aw up with Johny Mac-cree *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . On the r., Pitt runs off furtively to the right., saying,  OPEN>> I must cut out this Connexion - & leave him to his fate
As sung *BRACKETED* by Master Smalley, in the Popular Pantomime of  OPEN>> Mother Goose, or the Golden Egg
My purse soon fill'd with frenchmen's gold, I hasten'd back with Joy, When wreck'd in sight of port, behold the helpless Cabin Boy
Pâté Damiens
Mais ... qui touche mouille.
Eh! Sire, n'êtes vous pas Anglois.
Munchausen at Walcheren . . . The Dardanelles, Talavera, Cintra, &c &c.... Written by himself. Printed for J. Johnston, No. 101, Cheapside and No. 87 Bishopsgate-street and J. Blacklock Royal Exchange. 1811
Alborak
There is no such thing as getting those Devilish Locks of Bramahs open
"Had sly Ulysses at the Sack——Of Troy, brought thee his pedler's pack——vide Cleaveland
How do you do my Old Friend - pretty warm by this time I suppose, - a long time in business. - how much might you clear now in the course of last Year?
Whats that to you - skant tell - keep no books, what you want to come the Inquisition rig I suppose, an be d------d to you!
Banke *BRACKETED* Book 17 *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  into his coat-pocket. His dog  OPEN>> Surly
torturas
tortura
La Ferdinanda
Nelson
Wellington
Burke. Wellington
Duncan
C *BRACKETED* agh
Canning
Howe
Percival
"Well, Friend, where a
Being a Series of Twelve Caricatures, Illustrative of that Controversy. First Series
Preface
Edinburgh 17th March 1827
N.B. N° 1 of the Second series *BRACKETED* will appear in a few days
he was impressed with an idea, that the principal pamphleteers *BRACKETED* , in this disgraceful Controversy, were alike reprehensible ; but a more attentive perusal of the various writings, produced in his mind that bias, which will be observable.. . . It will also be noticed, that the Author is Anti-Apocryphal in his sentiments while he disclaims the slightest acquaintance with any of the Dramatis Persona of the Controversy. . .
Brownie
Price 10/6
My Conscience! only Ten & Sixpence for so many Ministers, they must be little worth, now a'days
Apocrypha
Andrea Ferrara
Christian Instructor
Anglicanus
Campbell called to Account
Earl Street Committee
Andrew Brandram
Pestilence
Plague
Foetid Ulcers
Leprosy
Pandoras Box
£10,00 *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , showing that he is Jenner, to whom *BRACKETED* a parliamentary grant of £10,000 was made. Other infants, who have acquired horns and tails, are being excreted; these a fourth horned doctor *BRACKETED* , one foot resting on a volume of  OPEN>> Lectures on Botany
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Magna Carta
Law
IHS
Martial Achievements
Ambitions dread career at length is o'er, And weeping Europe hopes for peace once more; Sov'reigns in arms, at length the world have free'd, And Britain's warlike Sons no more shall bleed; The great Napoleon now resigns his sway, And in a bottle seal'd is borne away. England's great Prince, whom Europe does confess The potent friend of Freedom in distress, With ALLIES brave, to the world impartial, Seal'd up their foe with ACHIEVEMENTS MARTIAL*, That he no more disturb the tranquil World Nor be again his bloody flag unfurl'd.  OPEN>> Twos Alexander great, of generous mind, With zealous Frederick, who to peace inclined, Resolved with Francis, in propitious hour, To free old Gallia from the Despot's power. Her tyrannic Lord from rule is driven, And grateful Louis offers thanks to Heaven. The MARTIAL HEROES next a tribute claim: First Wellington, immortal is his fame; And Blücher, who, for valour long renown'd, Compell'd the Tyrant's legions to give ground; The cautious Swartzenburg, of wise delays, And the brave Platoff, ask their share of praise. *THE MARTIAL ACHIEVEMENTS OF GREAT BRITAIN & HER ALLIES, a splendid graphical Work ...
Faction
ministerial hounds
Constitution
Morning Post
Post
Materials for Post
Satire
Malice
Scandal
Falsehood
The Art of Lying made Easy by B.
Bounds of Discretion
To the Vale of Oblivion
I shall fall like Lucifer never to Hope again.
We shall soon be in at the Death - She can go no further N . . . h
Twitcher
I have long had her Destruction at Heart & the sooner the better
I run almost as fast now as I did at Minden
She will find no Covert near Caen Wood
L. S.
I am the sort to go Thro Thick & Thin
I allways was firm to the cause
Log
I stick at Nothing
I am Adam'd Good Dog but ye last Fox Hunt Had like to be Death of me
Templum Libertatis
Richmond
Barre
Camden
Burke & Fox
Wilks
Hungry Dogs the old Proverbs say Eat dirty Pudding, when in their way So Will these Dogs as oft we are told Catch at any thing which looks like Gold. Or bears the least Aspect of doing Good for themselves tho their Country ruin. Tis little Rogues submit to fate Whilst ye Great enjoy ye World in State.
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
10 Pounders
Hark  OPEN>> e you Sir! where are you going with that  OPEN>> ere fruit?
Back Again
"Say you did it inadvertently
Crab
Lobster
Droll
There now you may go on. I would not have had my Wife seen you so, for the World, why you should be as choice of your charms as I am of my Claret
Oh, this was transplanting of de wig indeed, I suppose I shall not be allowed to shew my face next
To Hanover
Decapitation Charles
Abdication James
£100,000
Deception A Tragedy— Promise A Farce
To Let A Family Mansion at Windsor Also the largest House in Parliament Stt
What! b'ye going?
II—I Miles
The palace that N-h built: a parody on an old English poem. By I. Hume
A little Music à la Françoise—
Havanna
—Household-Servants in Six Plates—by William Heath No . . .
Honi. so . . .
Mine is the best place in the house—to be sure my Lady is a little Whimsical—so am I—then she is so fond of me—lor I can do any thing I like with her—then again I'm such a favourite with all our Tradespeople—ah! my character is every thing—  OPEN>> Nothing so true as what you once let fall | Most women have no Characters at all
—lor what wretch that Pope was for saying such a thing
Snip Taylor
A much admir'd Song - Sung by Mr Chas Johnston, & proper to be sung at all Musical Clubs.
Speakers Warrant
Curse this game I dont Like it I never experienced Such boning about in my life, I wonder when you will have done
Dont knock it here we have not power to Strike it
Majority
Curse the thing I wish I had never Seen it away with it
Attorn *BRACKETED* eral
D-n it Ill hit it as Hard as I can tho I'm almost afraid to meddle with it
Sure honey Right or wrong I always stick to the Strongest Side so do let me have a Slap at it
Read Bow Street
I cant Read it Die Veneris! why its Spanish to me we dont understand Them there warrants
Double
Dont Strike it to me again Ill have nothing more to do with it I've sent it to Bow Street
NB The Feathers of the Shuttle Cock were pluked *BRACKETED* from a Sumersetshire Goose
Before you proceeds any furtherer, in that there plan, you must listen to these here words I now dress to you - or else you'll be worserer off than if we had never made you up at all - When you tells your ponent what you will do say as how you'll meet him foots to foots, and be sure you put out your foots - When you say that it will have a monstratious good defect as my Barber says - and if you are a good Boy I will give you a Biscuit.
Now Mr Bull, you shall see what you shall see - A Comedy of my own making - all entirely new Performers believe me.
Poo - Poo! - No flummery - I've been looking over the Play Bill this half hour and the Devil of anything new do I see but Yourself and the Scotch Piper - The Doctor dont act I see - but many of his play Mates do I see, and that's just the same thing - I suppose you dont let a body peep behind the screens - or I might know some of them.
List of New Performers
*BRACKETED* cles of Agreement.. . Del Campo Mr Bombast She must have no objection to take any Male Part whatever in either Tragedy Comedy or Farces thats offerd to Her
Rules for good acting serving to shew the late Davd Garricks mode of playing Erronious a Drawling delivery Justifiable
Victory
Vive l'Emp *BRACKETED* Francois
Bay of Trafalgar
Immortality
Victory
Redoubtable
This Design for the Memorial intended by the City of London to commemorate the Glorious Death of the immortal Nelson, is with every sentiment of respect, humbly submitted to the right honble the Lord Mayor & the Court of Aldermen
You have exceeded my most fervent wishes and shall have capital employments in my Infernal Empire.
Nor I Brother F------t, upon my credit; Consume ye all, are these your tricks I never cribb'd a Shilling; This is worse than the Ribb'd Stocking Patent; Or a Walpole Administration; O Cromwell thy active Spirit alone can save us *BRACKETED* ; I have discover  OPEN>> d your Villanys, and shall quit my Office with pleasure
Make Restitution and give up your Trusts
What shall we do I cannot face Justice! that is not our way *BRACKETED* ; How could you think this wretch capable of succeeding my worthy Master, I have often toldyou what the animal would do for you; I have not shared in the Plunder nor will I join in the defence; Nor I Brother John.
Subpoenys in Chancery for defrauding the Burgesses, &c.
But my dam'd Accounts will undo us.
Defend I say defend ah Ben Ha Ha Ha.
Minuets and Country Dances 1770
Hoyle on Whis *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . He is standing on a paper inscribed  OPEN>> XXXIX Articles
If this be the case the Devil may be your Chaplain for me.
Gad so Brother Charles You'l get no Credo here.
O yes, Gentlemen hear me, methinks the spirit of Cato inspires me, Petition his Grace and ye Lords, that noble House all-ways supports their Friends tho' their Crimes be Murder & Treason. Vid: the Cases of L------n & B------ *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . His bell is on the ground beside him. Behind him stands a man wearing a gown and holding a mace, he puts his left hand on the bell-man's shoulder, saying:  OPEN>> Ah Mr Cato your Oratory is in vain that power alass is no more.
China Silk Smuggled.
Cato thou reasons well by such an expedient I escaped the Exchequer.
The Greeks: A Poem  OPEN>> Venu de France d'une manière inconnue;
Greek
Bond Street
Save us from treatcherous Friends
I find there's treachery - but I'll defend my King & Family to the last Drop of my blood
Vive le Rot
Where shall we hide our selves - my Plot is marr'd.
Damnable fool thus to serve Your purpose & risk - a la Lanterne
O-----ns
M ... b .. u
"Just room for one Madam,
Vell I wow I have run all the way like a Lamp-lighter, till I am all over in such a Heat you can't think
Try what you can do with my Leg—I can do no good in Town—it don't agree with me. therefore I am come to visit & take a Bed with you—perhaps a change of place will revive me—I was always fond of Richmond if you'll undertake it I'll endeavour to Stop!!—
You must have patience, that is the only remedy—you have had it too long about you to attempt any thing—you'll get rid of it in time! and now I feel it I think it has decreased in size, and all the inflamation has subsided—however if you wish to spend a little time with me you are welcome to Exercise yourself up & down in the Inclosure, in front of my premises—!!!
Exercise on Richmond Hill
A LEaN Ox
View of the Royal Cock Pitt
Waterloo Place
Entering Richmond by Water
-  OPEN>> and now, all the sculking nerd of the forest, some out of Insolence, others in Revenge, some, in fine, upon one Pretence \\  OPEN>> some upon another, fell upon him by Consent. - but nothing went so near the Heart of him in his Distress, as to \\  OPEN>> find himself batter'd by the Heel of an Ass.
The lion, with the face and wig of Melville, lies gazing up, blood falling on the papers under his paws:  OPEN>> Plans for Manning tfthe Navy - List of ships built in 1804 . . . of ye Line
Abolition of Impress
Whitbreads Entire
Report
Condemnation without Trial
Invectives
Popular Clamour
Envy
Disappointed Jacobins
Malice
Solution of Vital Xianity
Cant! - Envy! - Abuse! - Hypocrisy! - Cruelty.
Physick for the Lion.
Emetic for ye Lion
Clyster for the Lion
opening Pills
Very highly indebted to the Lion, brother Heeley!
Provisions for the Doctors Family
Trifles procured thro
Pension to Brother Brag &...
Annuity to all our Cousins
£40000 pr Ann
Sinecure
Pension for Aunts
Pension for Brother Hely
Pension
Then give him another kick, Brother Braggey
Candid Whorehound
Kinard
Melville-Castle
Hancock and N-----th, Suppos'd to meet, And thus, the first, his thoughts repeat, Let some, like Spaniels, own thy plan, In me, behold a different Man Who ee'r he'd call thy House his Home, Wou'd with the mountain Tyger, roam, Live on the Roots, pluck'd from the Earth, From whence Himself, like Thee, had Birth.
1st Day 3d Day, 5 Day, 7th Day, 9th Day, 12th Day
Oath of Allegiance
Desolation
Pestilence
Napaul War
Hic Jacit *BRACKETED* The Mortal part of Infamy Avarice and Tyrany
Vice
Discord
Slander
Search the Scripstures *BRACKETED* for therein &. &c.
and I looked and beheld a pale horse and his name that sat on him was Death and hell followed with him.
No Popery
Courage my boys this is for the glory of the good old Cause
England in Blood
The Scourge
The Thunderer
Gordon Riots
Death or Liberty & No Popery
No Popery d--m my eyes
Sung with unbounded applause, by Mr Braham, in the New Opera, call'd  OPEN>> False Alarms, or My Cousin; Theatre Royal Drury Lane.
False Alarms Smile & Tear . . . Laurie & Whittle
Broderip
Iohn Bull's Storehouse
The Gallic Storehouse for English Shipping
John Bull's Storehouse
Armada
Porto Bella
Camperdown
St Vincent
Nile
Trafalgar
Begar you must vork like de Diable ve must Annihilate dis Iohn Bull.
Please you my Grand Empereur, tes no use vatever as fast, as ve do build dem, he vas clap dem in his storehouse over de way.
The Napoleon
The Napoleon
The Don Diego
The Dane
The Sweede
The Yaw-Myneer
Storehouse
cit
I say my Lads if he goes on this way, we shall be over stock'd.
What a deal of pains some people take for nothing
*BRACKETED* ise to pay Mr Ab. Newland or Bank the Sum of One Pound. . . Bank of England
Windows
Deaths
Foreign Spirits
Postage
2d 10 pr Cent
Wills
Marriages
Iris . . .
Births
Commutation Tax
Wine Duty
Br *BRACKETED* ks
Horses
Soap
Hats
Ist 10 pr Cent
Home Spirits
Hair Powder
Slates
Wine encreased Taxes
Silver Plate
Perfumery
Increased Stamp Duty, Stamp Duty
Stage Coaches
Stamps
Parcels
Advertisements
Hawkers and Pedlars
Malt Duty
Transfer Property
Stamp
Glass
Gloves
Bills of Exchange
Licences
Game Act
Coffee
Cocoa
Tea
Insurance
Probate of Wills
Leather
Tallow Candles
Coals
Farm Tax
Tea Adi . . . Receipts
Paper Add
Newspapers Additional
Attorneys
Dogs
Hops
450,000,000
Turnpikes
Tobacco
Stamp
Muslins
Cottons
Servants
Copies of Deeds
Canal Navign
Hemp
Carts
New
Add . . .
Now Johnny you may Treat you Family with a bit of Beef it's only 4 1/2 a Pound.
Here Neighbour I bought this goose for 2s.
Here is Bread only 6d the Quartern loaf & the Monopolizers are all going Mad, shooting and hanging themselves *BRACKETED* . A yokel in a smock, on the extreme right, asks:  OPEN>> did you want a Pig or two to fatten Johnny, I have got a rare lot left on hand.
Johnny are your Sons home yet? you may send them to our Manufactory we want a rare sight of hands
Peace
Peace
Peace, Peace, Huzza
Tetherington
Darranane in the Co of Kerry to wit
Correspondence with Political Unions *BRACKETED* ; Parliamentary Papers Reform first Repeal after; Old Association Papers New plans for Agitation; Anti Tithe meetings; Extinction of Tithes Church List County rates Grand Jury List; Against Poor Laws; Letters to the People of England
Cholera medicine
Yes! Discontent and Agitation must be kept up—They are the only means by which I can hope to effect the Repeal. Now for my materials—let me see. In Ireland a meeting of the people for any purpose whatever, is illegal, and may be dispersed by military force,  OPEN>> should it be so constituted as to give alarm to persons of the most delicate nerves
Taylor
I'll trim his skirts for him.
Barber
I'll lather his wiskers.
Apothecary
I'll pound him.
Cobler
I'll strap his Jacket.
Publican
I'll cool his courage in a pot of Brown Stout.
Epicure
I'll eat him
Miss - O la how it smells - sure its not fresh, Mungo - Be gar Misse dot no fair - If Blacke Man take you by Leg so - ; you smell too
Indeed Mr Bull - I knaw nae more aboot it - than Johnny Groat o'the Highlands.
Take my advice - and let us Trot off while we are well, he looks confounded inquisitive.
Why Look ye - de ye see - I dont come for to go for to say - exactly, that you sack'd the cole - all I say is the Shiners set sail - and as you had the care of the Hatches - it is, likely, you should know what Port they steer'd into! I say let's look at your log book Old one.
Scourge
Gentlemen . . . 2.000 guineas . . . my dear countrymen . . . my heart bleeds . . . distress . . . *BRACKETED* Charlotte
Mein Gott! my poor Countrymen! my heart bleeds! but de public money is a sacred trust—I love my Countrymen—but de Britons be generous and will relieve them—Ach! mein Gott—mein Gott.
Frugal Maxims or the Art of Saving Chap 1st—Cheap Diet
Aqua reg *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , coins, and a bulging money-bag. One of the Princesses, probably Sophia, kneels before the fire *BRACKETED* in profile to the left, plying bellows to heat a small pot. Beside the Queen *BRACKETED* is a large snuff-jar inscribed  OPEN>> Strasburg
A good manœuvre this
It won't take tho!
Tippo's Dove
Pearls
Gold Dust
Farthings
Jewels
20.000
Table of Interest
100
100.000
The Man of Ross
Narrative of the Battle of Leipsic
Life of John Elwes Esqr
Essay on Charity
Date Obolum Belisario
Elwes
Benevolence
Charity
*BRACKETED* varice
The Spirit of Delusion
Double double Toil & Trouble
and give to airy nothing a local habitation and a Name
Free Trade to & from India & China. The Earth has Bubbles as the Water hath
Buenos Ayres Monte Video
Scheme to Cut kennels into Rivers with Sheffield Knives & forks Creating Cut & Come again Channels for needy Adventurers
Scheme
Scheme for Cutting a Canal over the Desart & forming a Grand Junction between the Ganges and the Nile ex ni
Snow Boots, Fire Screens, Warming Pans, Invisible Petticoats, Tragedies for Warm Weather
for Converting Scotch Pearls into Orientals
Scheme for melting the Ice at the North Poles and forcing a N.E. Passage by means of Fire Ships
for a Tunnel under Dover Castle to Calcutta
Skates for Warm Weather
South Sea Bubble
To barter Bristol Stones for Diamonds to open another Channel for Smuggling beside that of the Bristol Channel—"The Navy and the Naval greatness of Great Britain will be destroyed & the downfall of its Independence effected by the Existance of the East India Company.
Desirious of throwing a new light on Commerce by exporting Chandeliers Gas-lamps Mirrors Chinese-luminaries and other Articles usualy termed the Glass-go we humbly entreat . . .
Since the loss of our Slave Trade our Liver has become a Pool of grief to us dissolved in Woe *BRACKETED* —moreover our Port stands So Snug for Smuggling that the Free Trade need not go North about for that purpose.
To save Dublin the Cape of Good Hope by throwing an Iron Railway across the Prom entory to export Irish Diamonds & mend the breed of Bulls
Cork Jackets for Indian Divers Salted Pork for Fakirs
Your Petitioners request that leaving to the Company the Hull You would give us the Kernel of the East India Commerce
Sheffield
To Be Let
To Be Sold
Full feathered for INDIA
Venus
The Winds are lovesick with them
Boreas
Ships Colonies and Commerce for Bonaparte
from Liverpool the Africa
No 430
And in a sieve I'll thither sail *BRACKETED* from Cork
from Hull
Know all Men & Women by these Presents that I am the Great Extinguishing Caricaturist! I put out the rays of Genius emanating from all my Competitors & cram my pockets with the undivided plunder of Monopoly!! I practice all unfair methods to prevent any Man from carrying on the same Trade as myself or using those means of Existence which *BRACKETED* were so successful in raising me from Indigence & Obscurity;—Having but little brains of my own I feel no compunction in taking advantage of what Nature has imparted to others, by servilely copying their productions & unlawfully participating in the profits of their labour; Such is the inveteracy I bear towards my Rival that I am determined should he invent a Steam Engine or a Smoke Jack a Caricature or a Cheese toaster I will clumsily Imitate, and Sell them in N——u Street for the price of a Salt Herring!!!
Names of Original Prints I have endeavour'd to Extiniguish & instead Thereof have foisted upon the Public my Barbarous Imitations—Bang up Coach, Two B——s, Opposition Coaches, Master of Scrolls, Pleasures of Tandem, Doctor Whistle, Four Courts, Limbs of the Law, Sir C......, Turnip the Galway Horse, &c, &c, &c, &c.
Let the avaricious Printseller Beware! for as the Gallows which Haman prepared for Mordecai was / at last used for the projector himself, so shall the Extinguisher with which an illiberal Man basely endeavours to stifle the honest efforts of his Competitors eventually / become the Instrument of his own everlasting Disgrace and Discomfiture!!!
Now your Honour! Going off with the finest set o
To Copley
Cantharides
Pandora's Box
Torch or Volcano of Truth Diffusing the Light of Reason to the Surrounding Departments
Blasphemy
Distress
Rapine
Murder
Rape
Annihilation
Plunder
Sacred to the Memory of Tyger Marat
Sacred to the Memory of Monkey Le Pelletier
New Ode to Liberty
Break Locks Bolts
Plunder Rob and Kill
Nature
Liberty
Equality
Von Buss Pray
Truth
Reason
Contrast this with Happy England Where a Man may serve God without offending his neighbour and where Religion and Law secure real Peace and true Liberty
No Religion Death is only eternal Sleep
For the Crucible
Church Property
Nov. 10 1793 The People of Paris, supported by a Decree of the Convention, Resolved to abolish all Religious Ceremonies whatever - all Priesthood - and to acknowledge none but the God of Nature - the ceremony took place in the ci devant Church of Notre Dame, now called the Temple of Reason, where they placed a woman in the dress of Liberty and worshiped her as their Divinity - Of which the above Print is, tho' a satyrical, a just representation, for however pleasing the Figure and Devices of those Hypocritical Monsters might appear, those unblinded by enthusiasm could view them in no other light than they are here too truly delineated
Gratitude
Lord Jerseys Present
Subscription scheme Gunpowder
Duke of Marlbros Pistols
Vagrant Act
Sketches of the Lives and Writings of the Ladies of France
Loves of Landguard Cottage
1 Mile from Bath
Hermitage
Honi
How do you do, Cookey?
Curse the fellow how he has frightened me - I think in my heart he is getting in every where! - Who the deuce would have thought of finding him in the Salt box!!!
Bow-Wow-Wow
Ratifia
French Cream
Now we shall have no Bonfires
to get into both Houses to claim lost Titles & Estates, to Abolish Churches & Meeting Houses & to Keep no Faith with Heriticks
Whiskey
Arrah my Sweet William & will you go & leave all these fine things behind you
Aye, you must be laid by for the Present.
Fundamental Principles of our Holy Religion or Cool Arguments for the Conversion of Protestants.
Discord
Disaffection
Religious War
Racks
Tortures & Intolerancy
Unity Peace & Concord
Dublin
The Journey to *BRACKETED* from Dublin
Scourge
The Empire of the Nairs
Scourge
The H- *BRACKETED* Dynasty, or the Empire of the Nairs
The Empire of the Nairs
I proclaim the Freedom of the Sex & the Supremacy of Love.
Aspasia
Messalina
Mantle of Modesty
Hic Jacet Perdita
Hic Jacet Armstead
Hic J *BRACKETED* Vauxhall Bess
I'll go to Cumberland
And I to York.
Sure & I'll go to Wales.
And you for Buckinghamshire.
Slawkenberges Chapr on Noses
Buckin ...
Little Poems / Ballad . . .
I'll give you one Little Song More *BRACKETED* .
- intended as a specimen of French Victories - i:e - Conquering without Bloodshed.!!!
20 Million Livres
Keys of Ulm
Articles to be deliver  OPEN>> d up - I. Field Marshall 8 - Generals in Chief 7 - Lieutn Generals 36 Thousand Soldiers - 80 Pieces of Cannon - 50 Stand of Colours 100000 Pounds of Powder 4000 Cannon Ball.
N
There's your Price! There's Ten Millions! - Twenty!! - it is not in my Army alone, that my rescources of Conquering consists!! - I hate Victory obtain'd by effusion of Blood!
- and so do I too! - what signifies Fighting when we can settle it in a Safer way!!!
Vive I'Empereur Napoleon
Vive Buonaparte
la Victoire ou la Mort
chapeau-bras
parblue Mesdames vous n'y viendrez pas.
With clasped hands and bended knees They humbly sought the Count to please And beg'd admission to his house Not that for him they care'd a louse But wish'd within his walls to shine And shew those charms they think divine His Ex beheld these Belles unmov'd His A------e their impudence reproved Cannaille he said shoud ne'er come there & rumped them with a pet en l'air
Peace
Hope
Passports
Peace to a certainty
No Peace
Despair
Dispatches
Credentials
Projects
Begar Talley - dis be ver amusant - keep it up as long as you can that we may have time for our project.
Is not it a pretty game Johnny.
cit
Pretty enough as to that - they do fly about monstrous quick to be sure - but you dont get any more money out of my pockett for all that!!
very shy at the Stock Exchange
Thats right my lads bang em about John Bull seems quite puzzled
Treasury
Independent Gentlemen
aye, aye, aye . . .
A Sure means of secureing A Majority Places . . . Pensions . . . Sinecuers ...
Please your honor I called to Know what Size the Pockets of your new Coat are to be
as you thought the last, not large enough
I know the Treasury Cut
Why Mr Snip I fear I shall not have occasion for such large ones long *BRACKETED* however let them be deep
for I do not chuse every body to see what is in them
By Goles thats a Rum way of shewing Independance! suppose a body was to Cut his Pockets off
Whigs Dressed Here
Satire should, like a polish'd razor keen, / Wound with a touch that's scarcely felt or seen—Lady Montague
The Protector's Standard
Confus *BRACKETED* order
Vox Populi
Anarchy
mobility
This I'll ever deffend
So they are all Great Men in Your Country - eh - but I suppose they are like You - not very fond of Fighting - is not that the case Master Quaker.
Little Man - it is not the Case I myself encourage not fighting - But if thou or any of thy Comrades darest to Cross the great Waters my Countrymen shall make Quakers of ye all.
Did you not hear—a buzzing of a Separation between them. Shak.
Buy a Broom
Donder & Blixen
Marriage Contract Between Belgium & Holland
Holland
or the House wot entertains bad company; and now will any one say Reform is not absolutely necessary
Order—Order!—tis Manners makes the Man
The—Peoples—Rights
Let them alone, they only expose themselves
If I had a hundred staunch fellows to back me, the reform Bill should never be carried while I live and I would Destroy every Minister who attempted it!—
Captn Rocks Oath of Union
Now give them our Arguments
Rogues, Vagabonds, Rascals, Robbers,—go it—Keep it up—
Here's the Slang Dictionary! tire them out!—
Rambler's Magazine
Charlton House
£
Treasury
To the Nuptial-Bower he led her, Blushing like the Morn
Past
Present
Free Trade
National Debt
Currency
Taxes
all for me
Plunder
Bloodshed
Murder
France
Continent
England
a fat M-ch-ss
Burton Ale
Oddities Wags
Wags have at ye
I am so partial to the Privy Purse my Lady; that I have turn'd it into a Ridicule that I may have it always about me.
Well! upon my Honor, our Friend has got a snug birth there indeed.
Solomon
Sheba
Queer News to day! all worse & worse, / Mac, is the P-s, Privy Purse.
The P-s purse, No! No! you fool / You mean the P-s Ridicule.
What news, to-day?—"Oh! worse and worse—
Resolutions of Council
Elisa adieu! Ramus's is yours - I am yours but my Country calls - Canning's Microcosm *BRACKETED* , was witty - George is great in the little World, I will make him little in the Great - insolent Upstart! Holland & Dunkirk indeed! popular Clamour! lost Confidence! Ernest *BRACKETED* shall bully, Castlereagh, jaw him. stiff - Dad! turn him out. - not go? when Sir Hew Pickthanks *BRACKETED* expects me, mind the Bishop & Hannah, they threaten the spiritual court for F - or - n.
70.000 Souls 6 Millions sterling - he shall not go - I will resign first - what has he paid out of the 54.000 lent him to go out before? now again - no - no - Death to  OPEN>> his
my
Female Junto
Male Junto
Horse Guards
For  OPEN>> his
our
Aye - turn him out - go out yourself - go - go - go We  OPEN>> could
I will return and bury my Cat - if he go or stay I shall have his presence equally - he always turns a dead side to me Oatlands for me.
Vide Dedication to Traits of Royal Dukes and legal Characteresticks
De Croteur Monsieur on pratique pour un livre
Q
Land of Bull
Taxation
And is the Old Gentleman in love?
The Miser.
Promises
York
A pretty fellow to leave his Constituents!
Whatever Ministry his Majesty may choose will not affect me!!! Sic itur ad Astra *BRACKETED* and leave the world beneath
Did you ever see such a Jump?
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
chapeau bras
the most approved etiquette of country assemblies receives . . . every due attention
Curacoa
Speech from the Throne
Lilliputians
Libels
Address
Sedition
Sedition
50 000 per Ann
Crumbs of Consolation
Tailors Adress
Corruption
To Henrietta Street Covent Garden
There are more ways than one of bringing the matter to a point
She'll make Plumpers of us
Fox
Love and \\ Liberty \\ Guy \\ Vaux
Poverty
Spittal fields
Mammy, what is the fine Lady going to do with my Daddy?
She's taking him to the Ladies Committee Room to examine if he's properly qualified for Polling
Sweet P-
Batchelors buttons
Sun flower
Iris
Arose
Wall flower
The Monster
Russian-Bear
Lethean Ditch
Ditch of Styx
Toad
Toad stools
Rex Joseph
True-Royal Spanish-Breed
Rhenish Confederation
Leo Britannicus
True breed Bull-
Sicilian Terrier
Portuguese Wolf
Hungara .. Wolf
Empress-Josephene
German Eagle
Sledge
Russian Scourge
Muscovy Cat
Revenge
Cremlin Palace
Bernadotte Crown Prince of Sweaden
Prusia
Germany
Coachman will you protect me!!
Yes your Highness! to the last drop of my Blood.
Vive la Liberte
Vive le Triumverate Buonaparte Seyes-Ducos
Un liste de Membres du Conseil des Cinque Cents
Resignation des Directoires
My Dear Legitimate Brother *BRACKETED* I am happy to serve you tho your cursed Country Men almost destroyed my country—
Ma Chere *BRACKETED* Ami, I am so rejoiced at your Brotherly Kindness in putting off our payment & takeing off your Troops that I could Devour you.
I am obliged to follow the Leaders at Present.
I must agree for the moment but I have a Grandson.
De Legitimate francais be too much for John Bull de manoeuvre by Gar ve want de Time & we show dem vat ve intend.
Ah-ha he do him vid Compliments & den we do them out of the Money.
1216
Extracts of Bony-party's Speech, Sunday 19th December 1813. Senators, Counsellors of State, Deputies from the Department *BRACKETED* to the Legislative Body. Splendid Victories have raised the Glory of the French Arms during this Campaign, in these weighty Circumstances it was my first thought to call you all around me. I have never been Seduced by Prosperity, I have conceived and executed great Designs for the Prosperity and the Happiness of the World. As a Monarch and a Father, I feel that Peace adds to the security of Thrones and that of Families, I have accepted proposals & the Preliminaries, It is necessary to recruit my Armies by numerous Levies, and an increase of Taxes becomes indispensable. I am satisfied with the Sentiment of my People of Italy, Denmark, Naples, America and the nineteen Swiss Cantons and have acknowledged the Laws which England has in vain sought during four centuries to impose on France—I have ordered discharges of Artillery on my coming and leaving you.
20 Flags Presented to the Empress
cit
Gentlemen Emperors, Kings, Rhenish Confederations &c &c &c Behold unto you a fallen Imposter, who has for many Years been Drunk & intoxicated with Ambition, Arrogance, and Insolence, who has deceived, cheated, and tricked you on many Occasions, who has foolishly and wickedly lost within a twelve Months a Million of brave but deluded. Frenchmen, Who has conceived the great and diabolicol *BRACKETED* design of enslaving the world, and has lost all his friends except Yankee Maddison. Now Gentlemen to make amends for my Sins, I sollicit your Pardon and ask for Peace, on your own Terms. Gentlemen, and I will strictly adhere to till x x x x x x You may take all those Crowns back again except the one belonging to the Bourbons. My Empress sends you also back the 20 flags I found in some of the Churches in the course of my flight from Leipzig *BRACKETED* —As for the Story, Gentlemen, of the Corporal & the blowing up the Bridge *BRACKETED* you must know twas a mere Humbug to Gull the Lads of Paris.
What my Master has said is true So help me G—d Amen.
N° 6 . . . . N° . . .  OPEN>> . Text:  OPEN>> I Promise to pay to Messrs Sinecure, Pensioner, \\ Peculator & Co or Bearer, Two Pence, when Corruption, \\ Bribery, & Want of principle, shall have ceased throughout the Nation & when the noble example, set by the Electors of Westminster, \\ shall have been followed by all the Electors of the United Kingdom. \\ London. the 23rd day of May *BRACKETED* . \\ For Independence, Integrity, Honor & Self, *BRACKETED* Public Virtue. \\ Pence TWO \\ Entd Francis Trustworthy.
Liberty
Do Thou Great Liberty Inspire Our Souls
Rambler's Magazine
No Shop Tax
No Pitt
Shop Tax
The Meteor
No More Money till you send more Copy
The Man Wot Drives The Sovereign
Free Press
War War Eternal War
en aigrette
Printing on the River Thames
all hot, all hot—
Orange Boven
Shew them up—Only a penny to see little Bony put into a stew pot.
Beer—Ale—Cyder Good Eatables
Gin
These premises to be let on a building lease—for— particulars apply to Mr Frost
Wellington for ever
Nows Your Time My Lads—Whigs & Tories—Christians. Jews & Turks—no distinction made.
Attorn *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  into Scarlett's hand. The latter, very stout, stands in the centre of the design wearing an enormous bearskin decorated with red, white, and blue ribbons, with barrister's wig and gown; he bends to the left, right palm extended, his head in profile to the left. Wellington says to the King:  OPEN>> Brought in a new Recruit your Honor
He's a fine fellow, and I daresay will never disgrace the Scarlet d—mne he'll be a General.
Shall we play the Grenadiers March
Tis lost! Irrecoverably lost
Poor John Bull! Ha! Ha! Ha!
petit maître
Ah. Ah. me Lord Angla, volez vous une pince de Snuff, for de Diable will not give you back de Amerique
See Gibraltar! See Don Langara! by S Anthony you have made me the Laughing Stock of Europe
De Donder take you Monseiur *BRACKETED* I think I have paid the Piper
Satirist
Ireland is ripe for revolt discontents prevail in our midland Counties Oh Ludd!!!
We are equipping a strong fleet for the Mediterranean.
I will keep the —s *BRACKETED* conscience quiet.
Our force in the Peninsula consists of 54,000 men of which only 30,000 are effective—no more troops shall be sent.
We have just concluded an alliance offensive and defensive with the Protestant Powers in the North.
By J—s Paddy honey this will do.
Arrah be aisey man!!! blood & fire dont you see I'm a General.
G R
Och!!! by my own soul but I'mm done for now! Phelim, Phelim where are you joy? here's the divil's own beautifull state Regimentals ready made to my fist sure!!!
Oh Gramachree whack!!! faith and its yourself O'Doody that they'll be after fitting.
Hurroo!!! success to Father O'Flanigan and divil burn the Hod I say.
Sl Cloud
Cabinet Secrets United Kingdom
St Patrick
Strengthening Plaister for the Conscience
D------ the Cap------ D------ the French D------ the War O my Stomach
Water of Oblivion
Come come you must not be so Obstreperous put on your Cap your stomach will be easy when this Qualm is over here take a sip lad
WP \\ Parade. Bath.
Zooks, be that there the Kings great high Minister, what the man who Taxed old Dobbin
Aye zure Dom  OPEN>> un I wish un in our Mill Pond id tax un
No 7......
I Promise to pay to Talents, Ins & Outs, \\ or Bearer, Two Pence, when the Pensioned Drone & \\ the Destructive Monopolizing Locust, shall have been remov'd \\ from the Hive of British Industry, by the Axe or the Halter. \\ London, the 27th day of July, 1807. \\ For Groaner, Hard-pinch & Self, \\ *BRACKETED* Shirtless Raggedbottom. \\ Pence TWO \\ Entd Tristram Moneyless
Charles, I'll lay 5000 l. You have beshit your Breeches
Done, for I have not - Patrick did I beshit myself?
Done I take you all
No, your Honor, you gave me 2 thirteens & 1/2 to doit for you - and a promise to keep me, if I shit your honor good luck
10,000l you have - this is a safe Bett.
Ha, ha, ha, cunning Ro - e *BRACKETED* , ha, ah, ha, he has taken us all in - ha, ha, ha, Paddy shit in his breeches, ha, ha, ha, I shall laugh till I piddle myself
Horrid stench! 5000!
Aye, a bonny lad he smells as sweet as a Rose in June I'll lay 10000l
Brookes dealer in Foreign Spirits
E.O. & FARO
Billiards
Chess
—If it's a mistake I'll be D. n d
The time is out of joint! Oh!—cursed plight; that ever I was born to set it right!!!
I have just arrived from Canterbury The Catholics are kicked out! by a majority of 44 of our Spirituals & Temporals!
Written by Mr. Lawler; introduced by Mr. Elliston, and Sung by him, with unbounded Applause, in the Character of Sylvester Daggerwood, at the Surry Theatre
Sylvester Daggerwood
Book of Songs
Surry Theatre- Silvester Daggerwood
All the World is a Stage
Life's a Chapter of Accidents,
Everyone has his Fault
Quaker
Jew
Wheel of Fortune
Laugh when you can
Tom Thumb
World
Hit
Miss
Knave or not
Killing no Murder
King Lear
Tis well it  OPEN>> s no worse
Jealous Wife
Divorce
Way to get Married
The Honey-Moon
Bold stroke for a Wife
Mourning Bride
Son in Law
Doubtful Son
Ways and Means
Cabinet
Dutch Merchant
Merchant of Venice
Spoil'd Child
Devil to pay
English Fleet
Brothers
Cause they do not like  OPEN>> Family Quarrels
Exile
Rage
John Bull
Chalk Drawing
W C
Cabal 2 Octavo Volumes W C.
Quack Artist Play .W C. Weather Cock.
Chalk Drawings by Haydon *BRACKETED* Pupils Landsers & Bewick—Private Day.
Catalogue Raisonny
Exhibition of Drawings, by Haydons pupils Landseers and Bewick for the Cartoons and Elgin Marbles.
the black hole
And All for Life in London—
Protestant Church Planted By Ewd *BRACKETED* VI
truth
Charity
Justice
Humility
Temperance
faith
pomps & Vanities
gluttony
Covetousness
opression
drunkeness
pride
£80000
£5000
Mind Arthur you dont injure the Church
Oh no Sir only I must hoe away some of these weeds or they'll choke it
Caw Caw
Caw
Catalani
Masonic Society
Rubbish may be Shot here
"It has a strange quick jar upon the ear, That cocking of a pistol when you know A moment more will bring the sight to bear Upon your person,
Bless me—hope I don't intrude
Theatrical Portraiture No 1. Henry V
Attic Miscellany
From------this------day------to------the------end------ing------of ------the------world-------------Ti------tum------tum------ ti------ti------tum------ ti------
Don't be alarm'd my good Friends I come to give you advice—have nothing to do with me—formerly indeed I was worth the pursuit, but lately I have dwindled to a mere shadow!—besides I am lowerd in my consequence—I have descended from the Drawing Room to the Coach box, and from the coachbox to the Kitchen, and a Coachman in these times has his fine feelings equal to a Marquis,— but no Cash that's all Dicky
Damages 50,000
Perpetual Dictator
Tierney
A Nabob
The Irish Hoaxter
Collector of Taxes
Perpetual Toast Master
Go to Roost
Keeper of the Prison in Cold Bath Fields
First Lord of the Treasury
Bastile Jervise
Rules to be observed at this Meeting 1 That the Cake be decorate with appropriate insignia 2 That the tickets be deposited in a Bonnet Rouge and drawn in Rotation 3 That the Old Fashioned Game of King and Queen be exploded & Catch as Catch can Substituted in its stead
Entreé des Français dans Madrid
Art I...
VII
A Mons ....
Conseil
Tyranny
Assumed Prerogative
Despotism
Oppression
Secret Influence
Scotch Politik
Duplicity
Corruption
Shield of Truth
Et Indians
English
Standard of Universal Liberty
While he protects us we will support him
Irish
He gave us a free Trade and all we asked He shall have our firm support
Standard of Sedition
swear, no longer to play, if not paid, And that they will never be I am afraid
er
My name is Nicholas your honor—they calls me Hocus Pocus for short, but lork I'm no Conjuror—I got Exchequered—but that's nothink to Nobody
Tho the Ingredient taken seperatly, may not be pleasing to every Palate yet when mixed together may go down with a tolerable relish.
Arrack
I dont think it is strong enough, this Arrack is very enticing stuff, I like the taste of the Orange, it makes the Punch pleasing, better without the lemmon there I think John Bull will like it now
as now performing with great applause, by His Majesty's Servants . . . London: . . . Published *BRACKETED* by J. Onwhyn, 4, Catherine Street Strand, . . . Price Two Shillings. 1820.
Fatty
Ladies of the Haram
To plot relief
We'll Betty how have you Come, — on, has he found It Out!
Found it out indeed—what Stuff. upon my Honour he has never offered. He is a poor Easy Humbug. You may Tell George that there is not much likelehoods of us getting an Heir—.
Vienna on the bayonets of Austrian soldiers *BRACKETED* who surround him, looking up. They have a flag with a double-headed eagle. He says:  OPEN>> Pray Gentlemen - dont disturb me, - I own I began crowing too soon - I wish you would let me go home to my own perch - I should have liked to have roosted here I must own - but since you will have it so, I'm afraid I must fly from my situation
to Mr Thos Dibdin {the Author of the Cabinet &c} this Print is inscribed by his Friend - Robt Dighton
Get out of the House
Plans of Reform in Church and State
Essay on Politics
Gymnastics Fanatics & Fiddlesticks.
The Battle of Battersea A Religious Tale
Public Determination
Did not believe in such a torrent
We shall meet with watery Greraves
I wish I had never put B before A, it has turned Alpha into Omega
Why we never dream't of this
To Govern with Goodness, to Amuse with Falacy, to Abuse with Words
Mr. R.
A Political Lecture on Heads, alias Blockheads!! A Characteristic Poem: . . .Drawn from Craniological Inspection, after the Manner of Doctors Gall and Spurzheim, of Vienna. By Don Juan Asmodeus. London. Printed for the Author, and Published by John Fairburn, 2, Broadway, Ludgate-Hill *BRACKETED* .
Lecture on Heads
Derry-Down-Triangle
EIREN·GO·BRAY
State Jackal
Lisbon 20.000 weight
Quack Doctor
Circular Pills
Drugs for John Bull
Bible
Chancery Jack
Coal Tub
In Chancery
Equity
Water Gruel for the Poor
£4.000
Cordial Tea
Croaking-Frog—
Fal de Raltit,
Talavira *BRACKETED* Algiers 2000
Quarterly Review
Couriers
Dunderass—
Pickings of Dad 60.000 *BRACKETED* Place 10.000.
Waterloo-Man—
Iquisition
Coruption *BRACKETED* Prize . Money £60.000 Allowances £200.000 &c &c.
sav'd the Spanish nation
Ferdinand's
Inquisition
General
Chere-Amie
Noyau
Take another sup my Jewel. Grand-Lama—
Rambler's Magazine
Act Parl
Credit
Bank Notes
Articles of Impeachment
Evidence of Accusation
And after five Days the High Priest descended with the Elders and a certain Orator named Tertullus who informed the Governor against Paul And when he was called forth Tertullus began to accuse him saying &ca
Acts of the Apostles Cap XXIV
European Magazine
cit
Velnos Syrup
List of Cures \\ In 1788,5,000 \\ In 1789, 10,000
Frith Street
Mr Swainson N. 21
Pill Box
Mercury the only Specific
Horns! Horns! Horns!
Hic est, cujus amans hospita capta dolo est.
See See the fair one by her Guest betray  OPEN>> d, By York deserted - rivall'd by her Maid T-r-n-l, lovely Bride, no longer mourn His love, since Spider Brushers serve his Turn, The Cook maid next will strike this loving Man With Kissing Crusts, & Meat sops in the Pan
Union
Tax on Potatoes - Tax on Whisky - on Brogs - Tax - Ta-Tax-Tax
Eran go Brah
"Gently-Paddy-Gently, dont look so furious, it's all for your good depend upon it - only let me throw this small cord over your Horns that I may lead you to your Brother Johny, where you & he will live in Clover.
yes faith & you shall get as fat as a whipping Post - if once I lay my Clutches on you I'll bring that high spirit of yours down till you kneel on your marrow Bones.
Take care, Billy Take care - for he look D------d sulky - I ha
Catalix . . Discriptive
Arrah now, be asy, ye devils, be asy! I'm thinking how I shall pay Dan two thirteens out o
On Sir— to Franckfort—and there await my coming.
Well I am going as fast as I can pretty work this for a Man of my Importance!! was it for this that you put a Crown upon my head *BRACKETED* .
N
Kings are his Centinels, Vide Sheridans Speech | A Letter from Stralsund states that Buonaparte on his journey to Paris, sent a Courier to the King of Wi—g with Orders for him to proceed to Frackfort *BRACKETED* on the Maine and the latter would meet him there
Duplicate 5. 5. 0.
Lies
Lies
Jordan
Linengen
Royal Navy
Affair *BRACKETED* State
Buried by Subscription at Paris
False, fleeting perjured Cl....ce
Royal Bast .. ds dedicated to John Bull.
Ah! I have done those things that now give evidence against my Soul, O spare me, Oh! Oh!—
Poop Lantern
Gass
The very Stones look up to see, Such very Gorgeous Harlotry, Shameing an Honest Nation.
Va-ten
Die Weiberherrschaft
Buck-Buck how many Horns do I hold up
one you say & two there is Buck Buck
Sir Rd Worsley
Die Weiberherrschaft
Give me *BRACKETED* all you can & let me Dream the Res *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . *BRACKETED* Behind her head is a half length portrait of the Duke of Brunswick, his head turned towards his daughter but hidden by the Prince's helmet, which hangs from the frame. *BRACKETED* CONFIDENCE BETRAYED The Prince is seated full-face, with a distraught expression, his left hand on his forehead, his right hovers above a pistol which lies on a table beside him. Lady Jersey stands on his left, holding an open letter addressed  OPEN>> The D------ of B------c
Here would have been a rare Kettle of Fish to have served up to a German Prince
Or the Security from carrying Perkins
Conscience makes Cowards
Burke on the Sublime
"A capital Shot for the Doctor
I'll not leave thee, thou known one to pine on the stem;- / Where famed Skeletons are hanging, go hang, thou with them
N° 5 . . . N° -  OPEN>> . Text:  OPEN>> I Promise to pay to Coll Pattypan & Sam Roarer Esq. \\ or Bearer Two Pence, on the erection of a Statue of the late \\ Heaven-born Minister! composed of Pure Puff, Paste, or \\ Papier-machée, or Calf's-head jelly in Guildhall. \\ London, the 6th day of February *BRACKETED* for Self, Lapstone, Staytape, Tossup & Win'em *BRACKETED* Tim Tartlet. \\ Pence TWO \\ Entd Sam Noisymouth.
We restore liberty, and rank among the best corrections for baseness
Gibraltar
Sa - Sa - Ah - ha! dere I was have dem! & dere! Ah - ha!
Sancho! we'll sit down before the Castle & starve them out; Sancho.
Starve them out. O Lord! O Lord! we're like to be starv'd Ourselves first! ther's not a mouthful left in the Wallet, & I'm grown as thin as a Shotten Herring
A New Adventure, not mentioned by Cervantes
Paris Imperial Decree Napol *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  under his foot; the latter's right knee is raised high in the act of trampling. The Englishman holds up a foaming tankard of  OPEN>> Brown Stout
Hollands
Orange Boven 1813
Continental System
Confederation of the Rhine
Napo *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Seventeenth Military Division
Senatus Consultant
Ducats
Guilders
Amsterdam
Fendragt maakt Magt
Concord makes Power
Alam *BRACKETED* Beef & Sallard Read *BRACKETED* morning noon and night Saus *BRACKETED* hot bak'd faggots of th *BRACKETED* highest flavour
blood
The Union Club
Brothers, I'll give you the  OPEN>> Black Joke
The New Times by Dr Slop— Rediant *BRACKETED* Saturnalia regna
With Black Brown & fair I've sported 'tis true!!
Prince Saunder . . . ABC in Black *BRACKETED* tter
Hail! piebald pledge of Love.
Really now Massa Teven you right say be sham'd you own Color! you no know how amsum you bis look black now!!
I say Massa
Smith Esqr MP
Day & Martin Blacking
You look devilish well in it I assure you.
Rodgers on reweing
Mungo
Sweetmeats &c from Hayti WWMP N° 66
N° 65
Rule
List of Toasts The King the Royal Family sitting; King Henry of Hyti to be drunk with 3 times 3
Trial of John Church for a Black Act
Magazine
an account of the Black Hole in Calcutta
Apotheosis of W-W
Garden of Hesperides
Paul Preaching at Athens before the Greeks
But if any provide not for his own & specially for those of his own house, he hath denied the faith & is worse than an infidel—1st Epistle of Paul to Timothy 5th cap 8th v.
Hottentot Venus
The King of Hayti & his Black-guards
Being a Representation of what took place at a celebrated Dinner, given by a celebrated — Society. — Vide—Mr M—r—t's Pamphlet entitled  OPEN>> More Thoughts
My dear Lord! we had better take some other road these poor people are evidently disturbed by our presence we had better turn!
No, No. your Ladyship is really too considerate, let us continue our ride, those wretches are unworthy of our notice, nothing but superstition curse their prejudices. if I allow these liberties I shall soon be as bad here as I was in England!!
Ban chut Soor Terri mau—.
Hither rusta ni—What for Master come here, and spoil all peoples dinner—Master not proper character for Hindoo—all same cast as dog eat every thing, all chatty broke rice make spill, not eat dinner, all masters fault—other time Master keep proper distance see old man make too much angry.
decko! decko! Jungillee walla.
Topi walla!
Arra Bobbery *BRACKETED* Kubbar dar.
Black Dwarf
Bl. . . Dw . . .
Domestic Hack. Wanted a Young Man of light weight as a Postilion to drive and look after a pair of Horses, he must be perfectly sober, chaste in behaviour, and attentive to both his Religious and Moral Duties - read Prayers and sing Psalms every Sunday Evening to the Family, clean Boots, Shoes, and Knives. . . . The applicant, fat, clumsy, and tipsy, is rated by the sour-looking advertiser, Mr John Bunyan.
Patty Rosey. Patty Rosey, from the name of its Ingenious Inventor, is the most delicate, elegant, & efficacious Lozenge ever yet offered to the Public, they subdue that teazing Irritation in the Throat, heals the Fluxions from the Brain, & makes the most offensive Breath, as sweet as Violets, by taking three or four occasionly, as they Melodize the Voice, in a most astonishing manner, those who belong to the Pulpit, Bar or Stage shou'd never be without them.
Lady Dale's Decoction of Honey and the Pattey Rosey - I am still Hoarse, I cannot Sing without pain to myself, or to my Hearers, therefore, hope for your usual indulgence.
Scotch Dancing. Mr Jemmy MacJigg, lately arrived in this Town from Inverness, teaches the Scotch Steps, Reels, Strathspeys &c. in their true native Purity, with that Grace & Dignity, none but himself ever attempted before;
Zounds Mr Jigg, I shall never hold out, flagging work, to keep Arms, Legs, Head, & Fingers, in Motion at the same Instant.
Dinna fear - vary weel me Lord, ye are queete a Cheel of Parfact - ion.
Washing Machine. Mr Savesoap's Washing Machine, saves Coals, Candles, Soap, & Labour, a Child of 2 Years old, will wash more Linen, in an hour, than ten thorough bred washingwomen cou'd do in a Week, it is now become a genteel amusement, & so perfectly safe from wearing out the Linen, that you may throw in a Bank Note, which after being so washed, comes out without even a letter being defaced: Sold only by the Patentees, Water Lane.
Why you have Washed this Shift into a thousand holes, if it had been shot at by a City Train Bondman, it cou'd not have been more abused
And Herod and Pilate were made Friends together that same Day; for before they were Enemies one to another, Luke Chap. 23, Ver. 12
Satirist
adhere
Welcome my Honest Friends!!!
I was born to be your Slave.
Vive le Roi & l'Amour.
A Vice of Kings may be a good Subject,
Duke D. Eng *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  on which is a decollated head; he holds out his right hand to Louis, saying,  OPEN>> I had no hand in seizing him,
Make way for the Lady-flogging Hoggendrop *BRACKETED* .
adhering
Plan of the Sacking of Sarragosa
I adhere, provided all my robberies adhere to me Spanish Pictures & all.
Hamburg Bank
Da! Vos!
Im blown - no hopes of being Pope,
Are there no Daggers still in the World
John Bull Happy
John Bull going to the Wars
John Bull's Property in danger
Money Lent by Authority
Wanted a Number of Recruits to serve abroad
List of Bankrupts John Bull
John Bull's glorious Return
Magna Charta *BRACKETED* —And the Old Law of the Land will then resume their Empire Freedom will revive the Caterpillars of the State coiling themselves up in their own naturel narrow Sphere will fall off and perish
Popularity
Truth and Independence
Here stands a Man True to his Countrys Cause Who dares confute Despotism Laws, *BRACKETED* Maintain a Peoples rights and nobly proves, How Freedoms cause and Liberty he loves Staunch to his trust their Charter he'l defend, A hail'd by all, a gratefull peoples Friend, No force can bend him to a Despots will, Honest he started and remains so still, Fearles he dreads not proud Oppressions rod, An Honest Man's the noblest work of God
India Refo *BRACKETED* Bill
Dieu et mon droit
"Ambition this shall tempt to rise Then whirl the Wretch from high
I must bolt without being seen!
Terra del Fuego
Garth Papers
The Age,  OPEN>> Sunday.  OPEN>> The Duke x injured character— x x x universally beloved x x x belied by the press x x x infamous libels honorable gentleman— x x x charitable to the poor & virtous *BRACKETED* —Moral —Garth —hush-money—all humbug—bow—wow—wow—!!!
A Cabinet Picture from the Downing St Collection.
Now am I avenged
Ministerial Bill for the relief of the Roman Catholics.
Kings Speech
*BRACKETED* r *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* s *BRACKETED* Ha *BRACKETED* l! *BRACKETED* Mon *BRACKETED* s *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* Day: *BRACKETED* t *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* hrenzy; learn *BRACKETED* ng *BRACKETED* O *BRACKETED* ey, *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* loud *BRACKETED* la *BRACKETED* d *BRACKETED* ts, eve *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* r *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* s *BRACKETED* ng, God *BRACKETED* less o *BRACKETED* r *BRACKETED* y, *BRACKETED* long l *BRACKETED* ve the K *BRACKETED* ng.
Explanation
Do as I command thee & I will heap favours & Honours on thee
I will sell my whole Country for a Ribband & a Coronet
Plan for paying off the National Debt
How Happy is that Man who glories in the ruin of Millions
Plan of the best ways & means of Concilliating the Affections of the People by ruining them all
Purloined from the India Company
For bribing Juries
Pensions on Ireland
For Pensioning Parli---m---t
Our Sovereign - the Majesty of the People
*BRACKETED* e, Mene, Tekel, U *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The heads and shoulders of Pitt and the King emerge from clouds *BRACKETED* , the finger of Pitt, supported by the King, points to the  OPEN>> translation
I have no farther Occasion for your Services
Gazette \\ New Appointments \\ His Grace of \\ Lord Lieut & Cuss Rot: West. \\ in room of D--N \\ Obnoxious \\ The Ear *BRACKETED* Col We mil room D.N.
William *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , surmounted by a crown and cap of  OPEN>> Liberty
Reflections on Apostacy
Commissi *BRACKETED* to be pawned or Sold it will be no use to stop the Bearer.
Hip, Hip, Hip
Toasts & Sentiments for my Birthday
Samples of Bedfordshire Corn.
Norfolk Dumplins
Political Sketches
I'll read ye a little aboot the same Business in my ain country - you will find how many made the siller frae that time to this - depend upon it Paddy ye will be much happier - and mair independent than ever.
Now is it Blareying you are at?
Depend upon it - what that Gentleman says is right - thus I join your hands in Friendship. & one Interest - and whom I put together - let no man put asunder
This may be Nation good Fun. - but dang my buttons, if I know what it is about! & Cousin Paddy dont seem quite clear in the Case neither.
Tax on Income
When you want the Wet Blankets - I have them ready
"If there be no great love in the beginning. -  OPEN>> Yet heaven may decrease it upon better acquantance, vide Shakespeare
Box
Pit
Gallery
Writ
Tripe
Gin
Snuff
Ale
Beer
For the Benefit of Spiller
Will your Majesty write the Bulletin?
No! you write it! tell them we left the Army all well, quite gay in excellent Quarters, plenty of provisions—that we travelled in great style,—recieved every where with congratulations—and that I have almost compleated the repose of Europe.
Ah Sire! so dat John Bull says! I wish I could have some repose I'm tired of Glory.
Nap and Joe, from France would go, To fill the World with Slaughter, Joe fell down, and broke his Crown, And Nap came tumbling after
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
cit
10,,000 £
Family Presumption
I command you O Shadrach Mesech & Abednego!
Know O King we will not worship ye Golden Image
St Stephens
Resolutions Unrescinded
Firm S.P.Q.B.
Prerogative
Gracious Answer
Breath of Popularity
Feby 28
*BRACKETED* ll Company of Scavenger *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . In the foreground lie papers inscribed  OPEN>> Garret Address
Address
The worshipfull Company of Chimney Sweepers
Bristol
Westminster
London
A Gilded Image - & before it - A Mob on Marrow-bones adore it That immemorial time have sold All Conscience to his God-ship Gold: Look ere you leap & scan the PIT, Your sapient Worships may be bit Not all that glitter's Gold, alass, Your baby's but a thing of Brass
cit
Catholic Rel *BRACKETED* Bill
Petitions of the People
Vox-Po *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . On the wall above it the words  OPEN>> Coronation Oath
*BRACKETED* t 1
Lot 2
Lot 3
Lot 4
Lot 5
Cupid's soft Dart the softer Sex compels, And here the urchin knocks down Beaux & Belles
Louis. XVI. King of France
Born at Versailles, 23 Aug 1754. Massacred at Paris, 21 Jany 1793.
Pride and Obstinacy
I Glory in the Name of Englishman
Places
Reversions
Magna Charta
Constitution
National Credit
feeding on garbage, or picking up white sticks *BRACKETED* , blue or red Rags *BRACKETED* , &c, &c.
Scotch clerks - Secretaries - Governors, &c.
America
the incorruptible virtue of Modern Electors as practised lately in the immaculate Boroughs of Hindon and Shaftesbury
a full grown young man in leading-strings
lové
demanding to be created a Duke of the United Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland
Too bad too bad
G-v-rn-r G-n-r-l India
Secret Service £10,000
My service & my Travels merit a better doom Than a paltry Civil List 500 pounds
Whereas my pretensions to act my part upon the Great Theatre of Life are founded upon the acknowledged talents of my progenitors upon that same public Theatre *BRACKETED* And Whereas my assumption of the Liveries and Royal Arms of the United Kingdoms becomes expedient to the legitimate support of my personal Dignity and Authority over the ignorant and swinish multitude—the Nation of Slaves. And Whereas &c. &c. &c.
Malmsey
Buried at Tewkesbury A.D. 1748
1478
Edd 4th
A late Creation!!! La! What a Munster!!!
Sung with great Applause by Mr Fawcett, in Mr. Allingham's New Farce, called  OPEN>> Who Wins, or the Widow's Choice
bulk
Boots & Shoes Neatly Made or Mended by me Jonathan Saveall
Grubb Street
Simon Sloop
Hot Ox Cheek Shin of Beef &c.
A Day School
Hanover - ye Bishop of Derry - Serving Turnips - Volunteers of Ireland
Extend the Prerogative, & exercise it as you will - Oh! the damn'd Coalition
We'll Do it
From Hypocrisy Deliver us Oh Lord
Amen
Liberty
Inviting a friend, *BRACKETED* to partake of a fine hare, haunch, &c. which you have endeavoured to keep exactly to the critical moment, but which is no sooner brought in, than the whole party, with one nose, order it to be taken out
That Georgena has certainly got the upper hand of me— she has such a way with her. I can't refuse her any thing.
"For me, I am a Windsor dear *BRACKETED* sic;  OPEN>> stag
High
M
Swan & Two Necks Lad Lane, by Maiden Head Fly to Yo *BRACKETED* & Ber *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . In the basket and on the roof is a noisy crowd including a grenadier beating a drum and a man blowing a trumpet. A Jew pedlar clutches his box. In the foreground are pedestrians, including two men and a lady in riding-dress. A gipsy woman sits on the pavement with a basket and scales. Behind and on the extreme right are a fiddler and a ballad-singer. From the near side of the street projects the corner of an ancient building with projecting stories supported on vertical beams. On this is a sign *BRACKETED* headed by a tilt-wagon:  OPEN>> HERE I \\ LONDON \\ POST CH \\ ALL AC\\
EXCISE & POST OFFICE
Timothy Tightfit Breeches maker from London
Caution. Whereas divers Per *BRACKETED* ...
Ball at the Red Lyon Monday & Wednesday Concerts
A Song . . .
*BRACKETED* cking Horses . . . rdels
Leake's justly famous Pills cure . . .
Invincible
Great Britain
Pantaloon
As Pantaloon is no more - I insist on your joining me to invade that little Island.
D------m me - if I do Master - for I dont like the look of their little ships - cant you let me be at quiet whisking me here and there, and every where.
August 16, 1803
A grand new Pantomime
English Caricature on Napoleon I
They quickly kill poor Pantaloon, And now our drama's plot grows riper, Whene'er they frisk it to some tune The Clown is forc'd to pay the Piper. . . . And now th
Most adorable and Divine Goddess permit a poor shipwrecked mortal to indulge himself in the Luxuries of your Enchanted Island, and allow me to recommend my esteemed Mentor the Guide of my Youth to the care and delight of your captivating Maidens.
T'is time for you after so many labours to taste the Balsamick Cordial, Sleep; you have nothing here to fear; every thing smiles on you; then give a loose to Joy; indulge to *BRACKETED* peace, and all other blessings which heaven is going to shower down upon you.
Aye Aye, hic we had better stay here, hic come let's have some, hic more Nectar my pretty, hic pretty D D D Dear's.
maître de ballet
The Pigeons. Dedicated to all the Flats, and Showing the Artifices, Success and Crimes of Gaming, Gamesters, and Gambling Houses. . . . By the Author of the Greeks. Ninth Edition. London: Printed for J. J. Stockdale No. 41 Pall-Mall. 1817.
Jenkins \\ Taylor
Pray Ma'am is Mr Jenkins Within?
No Sir, but if you will please to Alight I will go and fetch him.
French . . . and Italian German Dutch &c.
Annuities 20 pr cent
The Welch Rat-Catcher
Oh! Oh! my dear Lud, take care—he's a terrible hitter—or he'll have your Ludship's dear head in Chancery.
That's it Bob; serve him out—He won't ride rusty after this I know
My Dear little Sister when you are tired Big Sam shall carry you!
come my Love you shall see Papa driving the Pigs & Mama Milking the Cows
Pig wont go
Von Strongenoff
Tria juncta in uno
Reform
Sparring
Cap of Liberty
Ça ira, Ça ira, Ça ira
Hold me well up or I will Bite off Your Head
By Gar tis Var Heavy, O dear! O dear! it will Fall!
and tally ho the Ounds Sir. Cumb - heres Old Renolds
members nut Crackers
Karkidge the porperty of the member
Black Rubbin
Old Renolds
Darkwin Property of the Member
Moongo
Warmont
Moosick
The Roman Senator
The British Senator
Surry Hills
Magi
Horns to Sell
Liberty Tree An appeal to God
Dont tread upon me
Commander in Chief of the American Fleet
The Macaroni and Theatrical Magazine
Brother: Brother: we are all in the wrong
Beggar's Opera
Sherry
I will Scratch out my Name in hopes of getting in for the City
as now performing with great applause, by His Majesty's Servants . . . London: . . . Published *BRACKETED* by J. Onwhyn, 4, Catherine Street Strand, . . . Price Two Shillings. 1820.
Your Conditions?
Retrenchment, Reform and Peace
Done!!—
Right about face—March!!!
I'm off
Satirist
Rascal—F—e, go fight dem dam English
Sire me like fight men dem English be Diables.
Allons a Gloire!
Oh! by Gar! dey vill eat us all up,
Ah mon dieu.
As far as toucheth the *BRACKETED* particular Dread Priam {vide Shakspeare)
Betting Book
It's all right Sam
Come Sir you don't Eat - Oh 'tis a most excellent chop - Waiter bring the gentleman some more bread, I'll just take this morsel, Sir - I'm afraid you'll make but a Poor dinner - Waiter bring the cheese
[Morninjg Chronicle
Tuesday ... Hasty Sketch of yesterdays Business At half past Two o Clock Mr. . . rose and . . . State of Nation.
Resolution ... Resolved ... Resolved... Resolved.
- Requested meet *BRACKETED* the friend of the People *BRACKETED* speak this evening
Decree
Reports
Petitions
Interrogator *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Affidavits
Bills
Brief *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Answer
Here is the Fugitive! I have been preaching to her *BRACKETED* upon which I have articled *BRACKETED* there is to be no floging on her return!
No Preachee and Flogge to Pa!
I ratiy *BRACKETED* the Treaty Peace is made.
Triumph of Temper—by Geo Prince
A Sermon on the Perrogative of a Father
Honor thy Father
description of Salisbury *BRACKETED* thedral
. . . Roll Maker
Paym . . . dge Roll
Shoes Men *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; a man sits within. The names of the streets,  OPEN>> Piccadilly
Bondstreet
Ca Ira! Ca Ira!
Inflammatory Epis *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; in her right hand is a document inscribed  OPEN>> Instructions from the National Assembly to their Diplomatique
The House of Commons
Where Company Saab gone?
He Dead—Time He die He too much old fooley-man
Free trad come He make much good He bring liberty. He bring equality. He bring rights of man—He bring Pot Porter! and Success to Free trade He make more wages less work Free trade for Ever
The Ton: Anecdotes, Chit-Chat, Hints and On Dits; Dedicated to all the Gossips. By the Author of The Greeks, the Pigeons, Fashion, Modern Belles, Modern Beaux. To Night, Dress and Address, Life, High and Low, &c . . . London: Printed for J. J. Stockdale, No. 41, Pall Mall. 1819.
English
Irish
Imperial Declaration
A Key to the recent Conduct of the Emp. of Russia
Mes dernières Reflexions de 1815
From the clod on the dunghill to him on the Th-.
Cuckolds to Horn Fair
A Cure for the Piles
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
The Wit's Magazine
The Wit's Magazine
the greatest beau in the company
1s. 6d
From Oxford
On a small scale. In which remarkable instances of interesting naiveté and Edifying courtesy appear
When I abused the Bill and called it  OPEN>> Humbug I ask did not Honble Members below me laugh? and when I talked of its not going half far enough did they not cheer? Did not the Right Honble Baronet declare he would sooner support me and universal suffrage than Ministers, and the 10£ qualification? and yet after all this I begin to suspect that the Right Honble Bary and his party are for no reform at all!—
How happy could I be with either.
The Benediction of His Holiness light on the Defender of Our Faith.
You heard of the Row & the Rowly Powly Song before Our house the Other Night?!!
The Greys won't move without their own Coachman tho the Brewer *BRACKETED* has offerd his black to do the dirty Work.
We must hire Jobs for the Night Work but we are Pro
These Garters & Ribbonds are all returned.
To the Kings Bench
George & his Hanger On, takeing a ride together to a Lodging in Surry
Old Sherry
Tell the Dowager, My Lady is gone to Court.
Gone to Court!! come thats a good one—I thought she was married— you Lononers be strange people to be sure—Gone to Court! Mercy on us! why where I come from the Leadies always expect—that of the Men.
Nina
The sex of Miss Epicæne being incontestibly determined by the Birth of a Male Child without the intervention of a husband, she is elected Queen of the Amazons, & chuses for her Royal Consort the Guardian & Protector of Liberty; but as they are proceeding to celebrate the Nuptial Rites in the Temple of the Amazons, Don Quixotte appears, defies the future husband to single combat, disputes his Right to her Person & declares that Miss Epicæne is a Virgin, though Sancho Panzais *BRACKETED* all the time in dispute with F------& the trusty Wine Merchant *BRACKETED* about the honour of being Foster-father to the Young Prince her Son
The Oxford Magazine
Texell Fleet
cit
Oh Brother Joe—I'm all Fire, My Passion eats me up Such unlooked for Storms of ills fall on me It beats down all my cunning, I cannot bear it My ears are fill'd with Noise my Eyes grow dim And feeble shakings seize every Limb.
Oh Brother Nap Brother Nap we shant be left with half a Crown apiece *BRACKETED* .
Sunset of Tyranny
Real Hollands Best Double Proof
Genuine Spirit Neat as Imported
russe
Mack
Plan de campagne
Ulm
23000 hom pris à Ulm
Vienne
N
l'Anglais perdant son or
Scourge
Map of the Continet
The Irish Lilt
State Papers
Fidlers Subsidy
Just arrived to pay your emminet *BRACKETED* service! you have kept us all in Harmony, and when we have done here I shall require your skill for the same purpose at our Uproar House *BRACKETED* in London.
Ah! de Guinea! I like de guinea, I fiddle for ever for de guinea!
I like de guinea too! Shovel some in here. I pipe so long as he fiddle.
Sar you pay de Trompette Sar.
Eh de French Horn Monr.
So! So! this is the way sbstance *BRACKETED* is given for Shadows! this is all I am to have in return, its a Tinsel bauble, zounds! I could lay my whip on the shoulders of fiddlers, Pipers, and - zounds I can't keep my Temper.
Poland
Saxony
Italy
Well Cousins I think we have got this Country Dance pretty perfect—wee'l try it once more, while our friend is paying the piper—Now! hands round, lead down into Poland cross over into Saxony, and right and left in Italy— wont that do!!!
Mais Monsr Tallyran Ces Anglas hav great deal Monies dey pay every ting!
Ah Oui you cajole Joh Bull he pay what you like!
A Set of New Country Dances Composed for the use of Congress
Cajoling
Waltz's
*BRACKETED* dangos
Jigs
A New Russian *BRACKETED* Dance
I give them Independence
I must have Canada and Grenada for my Arm
I insist on Eustatia & Ceylon for my foot
By Saint Anthony I must have Gibralter for my Leg
I have got all I -wanted Empire!
I deny all foreign Jurisdictions & will roast my own potatoes.
Bonfire at Thorpe Hall near Louth Lincolnshire on 5th Novr 1813 given by ye Revd W. C. to the boys belonging to the Seminary at Louth in consequence of the arrival of news of the Decisive Defeat of Napoleon Buonaparte by the Allies *BRACKETED* at 11 O Clock P M on ye 4th & Louth Bells Ringing all night.
GUY FAUX'S DYING SPEECH I Guy Vaux meditating my Country's ruin by the clandestine and diabolical means of Gunpowder Plot, was most fortunately discovered and brought to condign punishment by Old England and here I bewail my fate.
NAPOLEON BUONAPARTES DYING SPEECH *BRACKETED* . I Napoleon Buonaparte flattered by all The French Nation that I was invincible, have most cruelly and most childishly attempted the subjugation of the World, I have lost my fleets, I have lost the largest and finest armies ever heard of, and I am now become the indignation of the World, and the scorn and sport of boys. Had I not spurned the firm wisdom of the Right Hon. Wm Pitt I might have secured an honourable Peace. I might have governed the greatest Nation but Alas my ambition had decieved me and Pitts plans have ruined me.
If I should let you first, | Wouldn't you call me silly—fool. | Marry me first and then | You shall have your belly-full.
Union
Northumberland
Flames of Newgate
King of Sardinia
Empress of Russia
Lancet
Ven I vos in Rome de Boys vos call me de little Pope
Satirical Title
Monkey-ana or men, in miniature | Designed, & etched by Thomas Landseer | Published, by F. G. Moon | 20, Threadneedle St. London | August 1827
Hollo! Towser, Towser.— M—lb—ne call them back who dares to say that I set them on?
What, if they dont mind me?
Coax them, reason with them Tell them we want them to bark not to bite!
You did not set them on you only let them loose! knowing that they were given to bite.
A little before and during Election
After Election
Charley is a fine promising Fellow, Charley for ever, Huzza!
Now you may Kiss my A------e.
NB The above may be applied with equal force against any of the Party at any other Place
Tories Primer
Now mind and say after me—I shall go to H——l | Thou shall go to H——l
He . . ., We . . ., You . . ., They . . .
George for Ever
Liberty
Be a good Girl and give me a Buss
Dear Mama say no more about it
Combin'd
Begar they will befriends again if you dont pull a little harder Cus . . .
Monsieur Toad stool me do all I can to keep them asunder pull her hair, but take care she Dont kick you
Dutch Herrings
hollands Gin
I'll Delliberate a little to see which is weakest, then I'll give you a direct answer Kate Rusia
Beneath this stone. . .  OPEN>> . It continues:  OPEN>> lies Katharine Gray changd from busy life to lifeless clay by earth and clay
French Habits, N° 10
There's been a precious Gang of Smugglers about this Coast for a long time past—but I'll keep a sharp look out they shan't Gammon Me
William
Windsor Point
at Last I have met with a True Broad Bottom real Flesh no Deception!!! I wonder if Broad Bottoms would breed in this Country
Me hear of your Bottom, me Long to See itr me write to you about it!!!
Ah sure a Pair were never seen so Justly formed to meet by Nature
Charming Indeed, oh I am so pappy *BRACKETED* the Family is not Extinct
Why what a rout is here about a damn'd crack'd Bum-boat! B--t the Jordan I wish it was at the bottom of the deepest Jakes in England
Written by J. Pocock, Esq.; composed by Mr. C. Smith; and sung, with unbounded Applause, by Mr. Mathews, in the Musical Farce, called  OPEN>> Hit or Miss!
God dammuck the devil a bit nothing at all Signify to me, you be one damm Rat you broil very well
for Supper
By George this is too bad tis Enough to kill a Horse, and That's enough I cannot hold out any longer, the poor fellow's Dying.
You D--d Chicken hearted fellow feeling - Compassionate - Mercifull Humane Tender - Pitifull Dog you Ill Horse Whip you to Death if you dont keep on this Hour or two.
Sir Doucour - very Handsome may depend our Silence Times Herald Post &c. &c. &c.
A Plan of Carlton House
The Wum of Hol--nd
Slone Street
Oh my Dear Chip I could have happy *BRACKETED* to have liv'd on Bread & Chees with thee.
Dedicated to the People of Holland.
Tiddy-Doll
Buy my Image! Here's my nice little Gingerbread Emperor & Kings Retail and for Exportation!
Tiddy-Doll Gingerbread Baker. NB Removed from Paris.
Vivent les Bourbons
The Kings Head New Revived
Out, ye ungrateful Villains! And never dare to enter here again
Forgive me this once. And I'll be your slave for ever - If your H------ss discards me, What will become of me ?
I say off - He's nicked us Charley
Encore une fois .... lachez moi.
The Queen for ever Procession to Brandenburg House.
The Times October 1820
The Liberty of the Press is like the air we breath, if we have it not, we die.
Risk not thy Precious life my Love in bold encounter with that dareing Scott.
no no my dear I'll shelter me behind the arm of Justice, & hunt him from his Scent by one of the most famous Bull Dogs in the Kingdom, & teach him never never to Dare to woo the *BRACKETED* from my Longing Arms Oh thou Golden Angel.
Scot
I'll teach you worsted working rascall to dare to set up in opposition to the Irish Secretary D-n your Impudence.
Norwhich
To Chippenham
hobby
PRI. There is a Gentlewoman in this Town her Name is------ FAL. Master George I will first make bold with your Money next give me Your hand & Last as I am a Gentn you shall if you will Enjoy ------ Wife
A slap at slop
Parish Lamps
requiring a multitude of hands to feed and trim them
Rise my Chief, bright as the eastern Star
A Candidate for the stage lately applied to the Manager of Drury-lane Theatre for an engagement. After he had exhibited specimens of his various talents, the following dialogue took place between the Manager and him,  OPEN>> Sir you stutter
So did Mrs Inchbald
So was Foote
So is Wroughton
You have a d------ n'd ugly face
So had Weston
You are very short
So was Garrick
You squint abominably
So does Lewis
You are a mere monotonous manerist
So is Kemble
You are but a miserable copy of Kemble
So is Barrymore
You have a perpetual whine
So has Pope
In comedy you are quite a buffoon
So is *BRACKETED* ] -  OPEN>>  You sing as ill as you act
So does Kelly
But you have all those defects combined
So much the more singular -  OPEN>> . On Sheridan's table are bundles of papers, a letter:  OPEN>> Sir Do you ever mean to pay me for my Tragedy . . .
unpaid Sal *BRACKETED* - Propriet *BRACKETED* Demand - Chancery -
Pit Mony
Art of Humbug
Rente *BRACKETED* Share
Hamlet
Oh, there be Players
they imitated humanity so abominably
The Spleen or the Offspring of Folly . . . dedicated to George Colman Esq. author of The Spleen . . .
London Packet
Viner Abrid *BRACKETED* ent
*BRACKETED* favorite cat should wean her kitten And suckle little Master. Canto 1st.
Mark but that look of his That half a smile, that half a grin, That speak the Eunuch-Soul within His feeble-featured Phiz! Canto 2d.
Flockton
£50,000
I'll teach you how to decline a Greek Article, Sirrah—What do you have that Badge for think you
What do you think of him now, Mounseer
Morning Post
The bawd
Scourge
Ich Dien.
Off she goes.
Restrictions
List of Tunes Morgan Rattler &c.
Rd Wilson
John Bulls Purse
Political Barometer
Harford
The Sussex Tune—I told a flattering Tale—by Mrs Billington
Lady Ag *BRACKETED* Murry
I revoke!!!
Mother Careys Chickens
Knave Col Wardle
Mrs Clarke
What What
Tony Lumkin
Old Snuffy
The Adoration
Pole
For The Kings Evil
Vegetab *BRACKETED* Syste *BRACKETED* by D ...
Verily I say unto Ye. Ye will be all of Lucifer's Gang, unless - Hollo! my Wig's off - G-d-n You catch it, You Son of a Bitch, or it will be burnt to a Cinder
Oh! what a Cross Man to swear so! - Til never come here any More.
This will be Half a Guinea in my Husband's Pocket for a New One
Medio tutissimus ibis
O! thou that blest the loaves and fishes, Look down upon these two poor dishes, And though the  OPEN>> tatoes are but small, Oh make them large enough for all. For if they should our bellies fill  OPEN>> Twill be a kind of Miricle!!!
156
1831
Sir Matthew Mite
£50 000 per ann
Impeachment
Loaves & Fishes
God save the King!!
Push away little Iron Sides dont let him retreat— I'll hold him.
why don't you push I'm almost exhausted.
Madam Catherine's Interest—No Popery—Loaves & fishes my lads
You refused me, but what say you to Don Whiskerandos!!!
Heres a just-ass *BRACKETED* for ye at last
He comes. He comes the Hero comes!!
Ho Ho—he, he—Ha Ha—Bl—Bl—Blue.
True Blue in Peals of Thunder Huzza.
Dont strain the Rope too tight D—s.
Egad this is Giving us a devilish cool reception
Curse these stinking Dykes We shall all be Suffocated
What a Smell of Stale Fish
Its like all thier mad schemes. Come to nothing at last
Coalition Washing Tub
Portland Stone
Devonshire Sope
Towns End
Ich dien
Gluttons
old fat women
kitchen companions
This State Tinker in Sundry pursuits not for fame but Cash, at last undertook to cajole the Westminster Electors; the task being severe and straining to excess Poor Carlo became Bursen, & altho several medical people of little fame were call'd in, B------d with the rest declared it a ruptured case and incurable
Reform
nice Apple, Johnny! - nice Apple
Very nice N'apple indeed! - but my Pokes are all full of Pippins from off t'other Tree: & besides, I hates Medlars, they're so domn'd rotten! that I'se afraid they'll gie me the Guts-ach for all their vine looks!
Liberté
Opposition
Envy
Ambition
Disappointment
Rights of Man
Profligacy
Democracy.
Treason.
Slavery.
Atheism.
Blasphemy.
Plunder.
Murder.
Whig Club
Impiety
Revolution
Conspiracy
Corresponding Society
Deism
Age of Reason
Justice
Commons
King
Lords
Laws
Religion
pippins
Freedom
Happiness
Security
Stool for the Piles
Fume
To *BRACKETED* is Excellency] The ... an Emb *BRACKETED* sador
Revolution
Seperated for EVER
Craignez honte.
Portland Soup
C'est trop chaude
N° I. . . . N° . . . .\\
I promise to pay to Monsieur Bonaparte, \\ for Bearer, Two Pence when the Gallic Flag shall \\ triumph over the British, and the French become the \\ Masters of the Sea. \\ London, the 17th day of November *BRACKETED* . \\ For Self, St Vincent, Duncan, Nelson & C° \\ *BRACKETED* John Bull. Pence TWO. \\ Entd Ben Broadside
Pickle Tub
Empty Shells going down the Sink
Alas Brother Mace we are undone
Flight of Poor Famishing Rooks
grottoes
Book of Days
The St James's Grotto—This fabric was raised at the Cost of many million Fat Oysters
Gad he seems to Astonish the Natives tho—
The Wit's Magazine
A Preservative against Duelling
Orgeat, Jellies &c.
Pacific Ocean
Walking Le Marcheur
Sparring L'escrime
Trotting Le Troteur
Gambado
Stone Eating Le mangeur de pierres
Stone Eater
The Barber at Court. Le Peruquier á la Cour
Malice la Malice
Appointment of Sr Pepper Arden
Correction à la Francoise
Grace Grace
Je suis Mouillé jusgu'aux os
Canvassing Les quèteuses de voix
Gambling Les Joueurs
A free Election La liberté de L'election
Jack now I am King you shall be Prime Minister.
Yes your Majesty shall allways find me a faith-full Minister
Dispatching Il se brule la Cervelle
Debts of Honr
Comedy La Comedie
Cat Eating Le Mangeur de chats
Diamond finding Trouvaille de Diamant
put it in your Pocket
Drolls
God save the King and Rule Britannia
Contributing Nobly against the Enemies of Old England \\ with the Original Letter Addressed to their Commander Lieutenant P. Hue. \\  OPEN>> Argonaut, Jany 31st 1798. \\ Sir, \\  OPEN>> We the Seamen and Marines of his Majesty's Ship Argonaut, under your command, desire to give 10s each man out of our wages, to drive before us into the sea all French \\ scoundrels, and other blackguards that would take their parts
John Mitchell, Boatswain's Mate, for Self and Ships Company. \\  OPEN>> Alex. Hean, Serjeant for Self and Party \\.  OPEN>> God save the King
Oh you ungrateful man
The Radical-House which Jack would build. Printed by & for S. Hedgeland, 53, High-street, Exeter; & G & W. B. Whittaker, Ave-Maria-Lane, London.
Smuggled Gin
*BRACKETED* Rights
X. Commandments
*BRACKETED* Charta
The Wolesley Pillar
To the Sovereign People
or Which is the Weightiest
Money and Interest
King's Col For Ever Huzza
Hell Hounds
Caulincourt
Fouché
Savory
Vandamme
Davoust
Ney
Lefebre
He Deserves A Crown of Pitch.
English Goods
Jack Daw
Struggling through the curse of trying to disentangle your hair when by poking curiously about on board of Ship, it has become clammed and matted with pitch or tar far beyond all the powers of the comb.
Juvenel *BRACKETED* a Novel
An Ode to Beauty
W
I C
Young Ladies Genteely Boarded & Educated
4
1 Mr P------t
2 K------
3 Q------
4 Mad. Schw---gh--n
5 Miss Jeff-----s
G. R. Windsor
Road to Wynnstay
6 Sr W. W. W-----ne
The Concert of Antient Music
7 Mr Assb-----ge
Anointed Solomon, King over all, E------
8 Mad. Mara.
7
J------h B--tes
The Concert of Antient Music
10, D------ R------d
11, M-----s La--sd--e
12, Col. B--r-
13 Sir J. M--why
14 Atty Genl
15 Sollr Genl
16. D--n--as
17. Ld L--ghb--gh
1745
Kenn Com
18. Ch--n--ll--r
------Monarchs, who with Rapture wild, Hear their own Praise with Mouths of gaping Wonder, And control each Crotchet of the Birth-day Thunder. Peter Pindar.
Ode upon Ode
- Monarchs, who with oeconomic Fury Force all the tuneful World to Tot'n'am Lane.
Strains! that Sir Joseph Mawbey deem'd divine, Sweet as the Quavers of his fattest Swine.
The sleek Welsh Deity who Music knows- The Alexander of the Tot'n'am Troops.
Mad as his Military Grace For fortifying ev'ry Place . . .
How like the Notes of Cats, a vocal Pair
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Compartment Ist
Sun
Compt 2 Woodward del: Cruikshanks Sculp.
Black Dwarf
Anti-Jacobin Review
I. The Patron of Liberty, Doublûre, the Arch-Fiend
II. A Friend to his Country, Doubr Judas selling his Master
III. Character of High Birth, Doubr Silenus debauching
IV. A Finish'd Patriot, Doubr The lowest Spirit of Hell.
V. Arbiter Elegantiarum, Doubr Sixteen-string Jack
VI. Strong Sense, Doubr A Baboon.
VII. A Pillar of the State, Doubr A Newmarket Jockey
"If you would know Mens Hearts, look in their Faces
Since the Foes of Old England so Saucy appear, And the land is in danger, from Spain & Monsieur, For each Subject to Arm, in the Nation's defence, Is the Language of Reason, the Language of Sense, Like bold Volunteers, let each Cuckold attend, For Cuckolds we know - have their Horns to defend! Come Cuckolds, Come! Come! At the Sound of the Drum! These boasting Invaders, we soon will drive Home
With gratefull recollections blest I thank'd my God and sank to rest.— Slept like a top—at six arose Shaved in a trice—slipt on my clothes,
Call'd up my sister and her son And walk'd with them to Kensington— Walking betimes the system hardens So trudg'd quite round the ring and gardens
Saw Soldiers drilling in the Parks, And stopp'd to make my own remarks Wether the tactics of this nation Where worthy Russian imitation.
Return'd as hungry as a fox. Off after breakfast to the docks, Will—introduce at home whatever Seems in their conduct new and clever.
Surprised and pleas'd, the docks survey'd Those mighty monuments of trade, Where the proud God of commerce is Throned in his hundred palaces,
Took notes—set off—and thought to jog Home to my own abode incog But was discover'd on my rout And follow'd with a general shout.
Wrote to my Wife—sate down to dine At two, and drank one glass of wine— *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* The Tsar sits in a plain arm-chair beside a simple curtained bed *BRACKETED* ; an attendant wearing a ribbon and holding a lighted candle is about to leave the small room. He wears uniform with ribbon and stars. Below:  OPEN>> Transacted business till seven; Dress'd—supp'd—got home about eleven. On a straw mattress laid me down, And slept till morn like any clown.
"Look here upon this picture—and on this,  OPEN>> The counterfiet presentment of two brothers. Hamlet
derriere
A Man of the People
Chatsworth
Gents & Ladies I will never Consent to any additional Taxes I will support the Majesty of the people
Tax away Ld C------h let the plebeians pay the piper I say
Intended Taxes by F. N. C. *BRACKETED* & Co On Sense - On Speech - On all Victuals &c. &c. &c. &c.
Distraction what make peace when the Kingdom is so Flourishing
Make peace on any Terms The Kingdom is ruin'd.
I pledge my honor I will never act in conjunction with the man That has ruin'd his Country
My dear Lord  OPEN>> am your Sincere Friend
Curse your Pistols take 'em out of my sight! I hate fire arms of every kind, and wouldn't lend you a shilling on them! turn the muzzles away or I shall expire!
The finest Sow in the County of Surrey! had thirty Pigs last farrow! do my Swelly, lend me five pieces on it - be quiet my poor old Companion you're as noisy as Drake or Rolle.
The wig is not a pin the worse for wear, come maake it up a crown and let me have a duplicate in the name of Chopfalien.
Hollo! you old German Hell Cat, don't keep me shivering here! give me my flesh bag I pawn'd last monday for half a crown.
I protest I have not worn it above five times, dont be so hard with an old Friend.
Fife times! cot pless my soul vat a lie, it be tret bare; I vil lend but dree haf crown, and I vood not lend dot, but dat I vant it vor Billy Eden, who is font of a coat dat he can turn
Saxpence is too little, gi us the other graat - Oh! my poor affairs what a state are ye reduced to!
The Gentlemens Garden
Sh--b--e *BRACKETED* is a corrupted Government Tool And I am a beshitten Independent Fool
O pardon me & I'll promise you on my honor that I will Honestly & boldly endeavour a reform!
That's all Twaddle! - so here's for your India Task! there! there! there! & there's for blocking up the old Womens Windows & making them drink Tea in the dark! - there! there! & there's for------O I've a a a hundred accounts to settle - there! there! there! there! there! there.
Bible Joke
Rochester Sermon
Rum Contr *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Beneath the title is engraved:  OPEN>> Illustrious Bums, might merit more regard; Ah! Bums too tender for a stroke so hard
Vide Rolliad
No sattin covering decks th'unsightly boards; No velvet cushion holds the youthful Lords, And claims illustrious Tails such small regard? Ah! Tails too tender for a seat so hard.
Alas! that flesh, so late by pedants scarr'd Sore from the rod, should suffer seats so hard
Saint Georges Hospital for Sick
Tattersal
Poor Gardeners!
To be well shaken when taken.
The Humble Petetion of the Poor Apothecaries— Sheweth that they are all Starving!!
Poor Apothecaries!!
Mr West's Speech on the Gloomy State of the Arts
Poor Shank's fect
Poor Artists!
MSS
Manuscripts
Rejected M S S
Poor Boney!!
Poor Dolley's!!!
Bill of Mortality
Patent
Jolly Undertakers
First Day of Term
A Darksome cloud of Locusts swarming down.
OPEN>> by particular desire
half asleep, and quite stupid
Birth right
Nelson's Victory
Let us all be Unhappy Together
Ireland
French Defeated by Warren
Dear Citizen
A O'Conner
Sherry
Buonopartes Total Defeat
Defeat of the French Fleet of the Nile by Admiral Nelson
Counceler Muir
Napper Tandy
T Paine
L E Fits Gerald
Sung by Mr Mathews, at the Theatre-Royal Haymarket in Mr Hook's Popular Farce, of Catch Him Who Can.
The Universal Songster
An Act. . . Aliens
Rights of Man
Ich Dien
Port
Rut
Ld Td Mem. For my Borough
Bribe
I am thy injured Husband's Ghost. Beware of the foul Deeds done in the Flesh while I was on earth.
Oh Charley! What mishaps awaited At Chelmsford those you delegated To puddle up the Calves petition, For Billy Pitt & Cos dismission.
astern
Essex calves
Ladies and Gentlemen, it is with unspeakable pleasure I rise to expres the satisfaction I feel at sitting at the head of so numerous select and aimable a company of Jews and Christians, we have done juctice to the excellent dinner with with *BRACKETED* eaqual accord. I hope we shall join in the toasts with concord, and conclude the evening without discord, I propose for the first Toast, Health and Happiness to the Bride and Bridegroom!!
Ladishs and Shentlemens, I cannot shit any longers witout risking to tank de Shairmans for de great honorshs conferd on ush I proposhe trinking hish Healsh and dot von day he may shit in the Housh of Commons!
Healsh and Happiness to de Pride and Pridegroomsh I shall be very clad to see you in Petticoat Lane Sr John!
May you sleep in Abrahams bosom all the davy's *BRACKETED* of your life Madam.
Rather not alwaish shleep dor Sir!
Very niche Man inteet Maums!! I should like to pie his coold shains.
Bill of Fare / First Course / Fish / Second Course / Fish / Third Course / Fish / NB the Best Fish in Town to be had in St Peters Court
To sit at a Feast and make speeches quit pretty, Who is't can compare to the Lord o
Decree for the Abolition of the Slave Trade
Plunder
Sin Death & the Devil
France
Paris in a blaze
Justice Piety Truth
Russia Prussia Austria Sweeden Holland England
Liberty
England
we shall soon see whose got most weight.
Traitè de Paix
L'avenir
F.W.
G Rx
God save the King
C
Fr. Imp.
Le génie du Terns garde la porte de l'avenir;... Qui est le mortel assez hardi, pour oser le penetrer? . . .
Proverbs
St. Matthew
How dare you Fellow to say it is unfair to bring you before one hundred Magistrates when you see there are but three of us!
Why please your Worship you maun know—when I went to school, they Taught I that a one and two O's stood for a hundred—so do you see your Worship be One and the other two be Cyphers!
O Mighty Monster of the Deep, continue to attract the attention of John Bull, bend his mind solely towards thee, for in that is my only hope—fascinated by thy powerful attractions he may perhaps forget the honour of a P------e
There once was a Taylor a Shooting wou'd go, Who before had ne'er fir'd a Gun we well know; The Piece double charg'd hit him full on the Breast, And gave him the Attitude here as express'd The Gun left his Hand and the Birds flew away And the Taylor's been sick of the Sport to this Day
Account of the Total Defeat of the Dutch Fleet.
The English have taken all our Colonies; Our rich Merchants are all fled & carried of thier Property; John Bull has now compleatly ruined our Navy and I suppose our D-----d Ally Mounseer will next cut up our Breeches to make Pantalloons
Gin
Oh Dear what can the matter be Let us all be unhappy together
It is all over with us now
So I think, you stink so confoundedly sit down
That Gulliver Duncan has Swam of with the Whole Fleet.
Aha Ma chere Nic Frog now your nails are pared and your Teeth Drawn We'll presently shew you our Intentions I warrant you.
Holland Department 85.
Plan of the Invasions of England Ireland Scotland the Cape of Good hope Gibralter East & West Indies China &c. &c. &c. &c
A Wooden Address
Tentamen
Catalogue of 800 Capital Pictures to be Sold by Mr Christie in Pall Mall. Feby 1st 1808
So sweet St Patrick comes, Dear Joy to Day, Smiles on his face with Merriment & Play. With good store of Tattoes, Sweet Buttermilk, & Whisky, Small Pipes, & Usquebaugh to make us Dance Frisky. Then banish all care, and meagre sorrow, We'll Celebrate this Day not trust to morrow. Let's Rant & Roar & make the House Ring, Drink to St Patrick's Day in the Morning
Slane Castle
Man-Traps—Pigs beware
GR.
are you sure we have got evry thing safe
I have taken care of my self depend on it
Old Cloathes
I say old jontleman—you put me moihtily in moind of a Comb—y ere all back & Teeth—& faith yere a Horn Comb an thats what ye are
Pologne
Moldavie
Crimée
Valachie
allons; cher prince pour relever plus-tôt mon trône restituez!
uniforme de la Reine de Prusse
Honi soi *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . His hands and feet terminate in talons, and he has a tail. His knees bend under the weight of many moneybags, all inscribed  OPEN>> 10,000 guinees
allons; mon petit Alexandre Marches à la Gloire voici de l'or
c'est bien aisé à dire. . . . mais
AE
Orders
I with thirteen Sail attended, Can this Spanish town affright; Nothing has its wealth defended, But my Orders - Not to Fight. Hosier's Ghost
Foreign Office
at the Anniversary Meeting on Octr 10th 1800. held at the Shakespeare Tavern.
Vive la Libertè
Petition to ye Throne; - or a new way to Combe the Ministers Wig
Brand *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Fox is melancholy, and his swollen legs cannot support unaided his vast bulk. Before him is a frothing pot of  OPEN>> Whitbread's Entire
Gentlemen, you see I'm grown quite an Old Man in your Service! Twenty Years I've served you, & always upon the same Principles; - I rejoic'd at the Success of our Enemies in the American War! - & the War against the Virtuous French Republic has always met with my most determined opposition! - but the Infamous Ministry will not make Peace with our Enemies, & are determin'd to keep Me out of their Councils & out of Place! - therefore Gentlemen! as their Principles are quite different from mine, & as I am now too Old to form myself according to their Systems, my attendance in Parliament is useless: - & to say the truth, I feel that my season of action is past, & I must leave to younger Men to Act, for alas! my failings & weaknesses will not let me now recognise what is for the best!
O! Times! O! Manners! The Women Wear Breeches & the Men Petticoats
Is that Gentleman a Protestant, Sir?
Does he look like a Cartholic—eh?
Now my little Lad you must sign against the Papists, who whip little Boy's & take away their Lolly-Pops!!
Mme Françoise
"We enter France as Friends
"It is necessary that France shod be great & powerfull in order to keep up the Ballance of Power for the security of Europe
Netherlands
We come to restore France to her Ancient rights & Liberties.
England
Russia
Prussia
Austria
Holland
Sweeden
Les Bourbons
Napoleon
"France shall choose her own rulers
It delights me when I see a Country enjoy her Old established Privileges—My Own Country to wit.
Napoleon le Grand
Borrowed Feathers
Borrowed Ornaments
Louvre 1815
In consequence of the  OPEN>> removal of the pictures & other things
Ah! Dear me I see they have turn'd it inside out.
By gar! it is not like de same place as it vas.
My soul but they are befriending Mumzel Franca indeed!!—Well I've no objection to their rendering her all that sort of assistance in their Power, for she well deserves it! Only they didn't mention all this fun in their Proclamations!!!!
A Dunghill at heart, tho' suppos'd to be game;
Prior
All for Love . ... As you like it
NB in a few days will be given a Peep into the Pit the Naked Bodies of those women who had committed suicide in Rome were Exhibited as a Public spectacle, this had such an effect on the Delicacy of the roman Ladies that suicide was ever after unknown among them. No so with the Engish Ladies; instead of being shocked at the sight of each others Naked Body they strive who shall shew most of their own.
sluicery
his mammy's pain . . .
but in much more depraved colours
Scourge
Bank Paper
Ld Stanhops R *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Perceval, diminutive and shambling in his Chancellor of the Exchequer's gown, holds the patient's left wrist, and a large ball inscribed  OPEN>> Legal Tender a Bolus for John Bull
Lord Kings Leases
Whitmore & Co Leeches
Bank I promus to pay One Pound Henry Hase
Perceivall Pill Box
A *BRACKETED* fatal Dose Draght Mr Bull
The Combustible Knight *BRACKETED* and his Esquire in Hot Water
D—n it—it is as hot as Crown Court
Yes! but not quite so hot as your house at Leicester.
O
Fourdriniai *BRACKETED* & Co
McDonald £250 Forged
Bills discounted by Jew King
Chater & C°
Brewer & Co Albany
Tim Brown
Martin & Co Irish Stamps Conspiracy &c
Tabart & Co
Juries
Fenton
No Effects Returned from the Bank of England
Gardiner Leicester, Gillett accepted by my Son a minor
McMillan
Cox & Baylis
Cooper
Credit
Alas, poor Credit!
Puff
Bank Paper
Bank Paper
Paper
Bank
Crown Tissue
White Linin Rags
Bills
note
Hase
To be well shaken
Leather Bag
Imperial Tokey
chop Logic
From Drury
W Morris
We escape
Black Wall
L'Epee de l'Amiral de la Grande Nation
£2000 pr Ann
pantomimic degradation
Le Révolutionaire
L'Egalité
Vive . . Egalité
The Revolutionary Jolly Boat
Thelwall's lectures
Rambler's Magazine
I knew the Britannia could not pass the Needles - Pillage her my Boys
broad bottom
We stand upon a broad bottom & are perfectly safe
I am but a make weight amongst you
I was always for a Good benefit
By my Shoul these are true flowers of Rhetoric
Sir
Old Whigs and Sham Whigs
Britannia
To be Let
Preston Farm Ho *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Tories lean over a paling, trying to entice the bird. On the extreme left is Peel, holding out a rat-trap *BRACKETED* in which are two papers:  OPEN>> Patronage
Place
Ecod, He Smells a Rat
Cup Cup Biddy Cup Cup—Come and Crow on our Dunghill
See how His eyes glisten at the Golden Grain
Anti Reform Bill
A Rotten Borough to a Bottle of Blacking he's ours
See Measter. them Suspicious looking Chaps be going to entice away our Old Matchless
D—n him let 'em have him. he be'ant worth keeping—
Rambler's Magazine
Dust hoa!
Come buy my flounders
Fire away Horney Ill stand it D-m me
Angels & Ministers of State defend me
Trial for High Treason
If this don't tell all my Plots must end in fume
Magna Charta
Bill of Rights
Blackston's Commentaries
Clarendons Hist.
Law Report
Cobbets Political Register
Extract
D-m Cambridge Cheese & all Brewers of Bad Porter
A little Porter & Cambridge Cheese would be servicable to my honorable friend
Order order
Hear Hear
To order
"I say Bob! who suffers? Why d------n me that coat's too short for you by a Yard  OPEN>>  - O
You Rascal! I'll break every Bone in your Body
O Lord! O Lord! my poor Pap'll be killd!
Trap'd
Dirty Shillings
Pension 3000£ pr Ann
Rome's Veteran fought her rebel Foes And thrice her Empire saved Yet thro
Bone
Malta
You be D------d!!
State Tax Cart
To Reform By Ballot &c &c &c
To Reform by . . .
If we dont succeed in turning him from this road, we're all lost
Only keep his head straight & trust to his instinct for the Road
If those fellows in the distance should attempt to stop us, they will surely be run over, & upset us perhaps into the bargain
Ireland
Proclamations and prosecutions &c
Altho
This old road is no longer safe to travel
What have we got here eh? a Fellow that has stolen some Dollars and made a Crown of them eh? and then wants to pass them off for Sterling, it won't go it won't pass Fellow.
Poison
Carolus III Dei Gratia
Ind. et Hispan Rex
There Brother! there! I shall soon be as Big as you, its a real Crown, but it is cursed heavy, my Head begins to Ache already, I say can't we have a grand meeting like Henry the VIIIth and Francis the Ist.
Dang it why a looks as tho a'd burst a'l ne'rr be zo big as one of our Oxen tho.
The Roman *BRACKETED* French People were grossly gulled twice or thrice over and as often enslaved in one Century, and under the same pretence of Reformation.
The Frog and the Ox
Treasury
WP
Royal Turtle Soup
Bur *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Champaign
Port
Product of New Taxes upon John Bulls Property
Potatoe Bread to be given in Charity
Secret Service Money
Lilliputian Substitutes
Proclamation for a General Fast, in order to avert the impending Famine and Substitutes for Bread Venison, Roast Beef, Poultry, Turtle Soup, Fish, boild in Wine, Ragouts, Jellies &c. Burgundy, Champaign, Tokay, &c, &c.
14 Pence pr Quartern
Petition from the Starving Swine
Grant us the Crumbs which drop from your Table
To the Charitable Committee, for reducing the high price of Corn, by providing Substitutes for Bread in their own Families, this representation of the Hard Shifts made by the Framers & Signers of the Philanthropic Agreement, is most respectfully dedicated
Invective against ye Minister
Short Observations on India Affairs
Tropes on the Irish Trade Bill
Memda of Important Observations Obvious Objections Perpetual Motions Doubts Facts Surmises Queries &ca &ca
Mock Motion for Reform in the Representation &c.
Sublimi feriam Sidera Vertice Hor
or the late boasted Defenders of Freedom driven into Slavery by a piratical Banditti!!—Dedicated *BRACKETED* to the Government that pride themselves on the Abolition of the Slave Trad the brilliant Victories of Trafalgar & Waterloo & the Downfall of the Corsican Tyrant!!!!!!
Robbery— Perjury
Tyranny
Murder
Treachery
British Flag
British Condescension & Acknowledgment of the Barbary Powers! or the late visit of the Princess of W—s to the Bey of Tunis
Maritime Powers insulted
Law of Nations trampled on
Treaty with Lord Exmouth Violated
Horrible Massacre of an English Vice Consul & 400 British Subjects!!!!
Rule Britannia! Britannia! Rules the Waves & Britons never will be Slaves!
To the Slave Bazar
Prizes for the Dey of Algiers
ce B ....... a beau dire ce n'est pas là de la Violette.
qui compte sans son hote compte deux fois.
Ton cas est mauvais
cette foi ci tu y es pour tout de bon.
Contribution Extraord *BRACKETED* de 100 Millions
If I must March, I must however I shall leave my Baggage behind me!!
O You gay deceiver—to leave a poor Woman without Protector
St Stephen's Kennall
Townse *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Behind Fox, and partly within the kennel, is another mastiff, Sheridan, his collar inscribed  OPEN>> Drury
Cinque Ports
And had he but Common'd that Day. Not one of all the Fleet coul'd run away
12 & 19 of April
Blue & Buff Squad or the Election Contest, with the Ass in a Lyons Skin
P------ll P------ll why persecutest thou me
10-000 L R
20-000 Lac Rup
A short list of the Heads of Charges concisely abstracted from sundry scarce and curious origin *BRACKETED* Documents.
List of Places & Placemen
Supposed conseq *BRACKETED* of extrav *BRACKETED* ce
Unexampled prodigality and wanton profusion
Friends and Favorit preferd
Persons of merit wilfully Neglected
Boat Build *BRACKETED* Account
Luxuries of the Table
Horses and accoutrements Boots whips & sharp Spurs
Abstracts to be brought forward on a future Occasion
Rich wines & Cordials
Poulterer's Bill
Confectionary
Green Peas & fresh Butter
Currant Jelly
Result of the Trial of
Papers *BRACKETED* abob of Oude and Farr *BRACKETED* ckabad Pa *BRACKETED* ers
Love Letters
Eastern delights or the Loves of India Manuscript
Portr *BRACKETED* Beauties of India
Man of Feeling *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . A paper is  OPEN>> the Revenge
Wisdom
Duty of Man
He that is without sin among you let him cast the first stone.
Coricio
Scourge
Map of France
View of the Good City of Paris
View of the Pall *BRACKETED* of St. Cloud
a Representation of the Destruction of Malmasion
Burning of Moskow
Battle of Waterloo
Preserved Snow Balls
Pictures &c &c to Ornament the House that Jack built—presentd by Al *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Alexander declaims blandly, with extended arms; his words are linked also with the Regent:  OPEN>> Well, Nap! you see, we don't forsake you, Although we had such pains to take you.  OPEN>> Tis true we long have been profuse Of slang & Billinsgate abuse: Have dealt in language most uncivil, And call'd you Robber, Murd'rer, Devil! Man-butcher!—but of that no more— For there we feel a common-sore! So cease, at length to plague & tease you And send you what we hope will please you
Did you ever hear the Story of some fellows who broke a poor devils head And then gave him a plaster?!!!!
Curacoa
Colour Box 300 Guineas! Ackerman & *BRACKETED* !!!!!!
The House that Jack Built
My Tea Sip Brother if you please and eat to Charlottes health her Cheese.
Before thy Shrine, on bended knee, Great Saint! thy royal tailor see He brings bright Empress of the Skies! A petticoat, to grace thy thighs  OPEN>> Tis Satin, richly wrought with gold,  OPEN>> Twill keep out heat,  OPEN>> twill keep out cold
cit
Thats your  OPEN>> Xmas Box. You'll neither get pay Nor Princess here.
Look at me well—I come for inspection so hope you'll give me my Christmas Box.
Chaste Virgin-Mother, Source of Life! A Husband & a barren wife Whose nuptial bed no Children bless To thee their vows, their Pray'rs address. This costly silver Babe behold *BRACKETED* This Babe we offer at thy shrine: Accept the *BRACKETED* O Queen divine! Give us a Babe to Crown our joy Of flesh and blood, a chopping Boy!
You had better try the warming pan trick a *BRACKETED* Boney did *BRACKETED* .
I think mate we had better change our quarters
Mahomet
I have procured another Lamb for my Lord
Koran
And I have observed that the greatest Degree of Respect is paid to Women of Quality in the East and that the strongest Instances of Maternal Affection & filial Duty prevail there. Notes Note Begum - The Viziers Mother frequently procures one of the most beautiful Virgins whom she adorns with Pearls and precious stones and brings to the Vizier whom she calls her Lion and desires him to take her to his Arms, this he most religiously performs and she is afterwards consig *BRACKETED* to the Zenana with 200 others whom he never sees a second Time
The palace that N-h built: a parody on an old English poem. By I. Hume
There is plenty of fair Game but no Poaching on my Mannor— my Action is quick & put in strait forward so—.
Late Pupil to the Campion *BRACKETED* of En *BRACKETED* . The Prince shouts:  OPEN>> Help, Help I have made a false step and Sprain'd my Ancle.
Lord Sir—d'ont be so Harsh you'l sprain the Gentlemans ancle,, by Goles this is what they call Milling Indeed.
A Hail Storm
Geneva *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , cf. BMSat 7370. The boat is the  OPEN>> Prince of Wales Cutter
Pickled Herring Stairs
Morning Herald
Regen *BRACKETED* Man Midwife
O Blessed Return! hadst thou been lost it would have been all Dicky with us
A new Song Landing of the Revolution Pair
Phaedrus: -  OPEN>> The first Share is mine, because, I bore my part in killing the Prey; - the Second falls to my Lot, because I am King of the Beasts; - & if any one presumes to touch the Third!!!
Unclaimed Dividends
Hints on St Eustatia Prize Money
Petition of Widow of ... . praying for payment of her Husbands dividend.
Humble Petition of John lost a Leg in the Battle ...
Starving for want of Just dividend,
Petition of Major. . . who lost is *BRACKETED* Beauty
Thieves dividing the Spoil
Peculation \\ Tyburn
St Vincents
Loaves & Fishes
Martinico
Fort Bourbon
Gentlemen - it has been my Lot in life to buy, and sell different articles - but you Gentlemen I know are not to be bought or sold - I mount the rostrum a Candidate for your favor - uphold me in my undertaking - and I'll register it in the Catalogue of Gratitude - If I succeed in the business, you shall always find me in the Shop - knock at the counting house door, and you shall gain admittance, - and if ever you find me Gentlemen deviating from what I have advanced, - knock me down Gentlemen, as an article unworthy of your attention
The Broken Pitcher
Trea *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . His pose and expression combine jauntiness with dignity. His head is in profile to the right, his right hand on his hip, he wears a large bag to his wig, and while pressing his hat under his left arm holds the *BRACKETED* reins of the bull; his long thin leg hangs considerably above the bull's back, owing to the height of the bundles. The sturdy bull, though with downcast head and closed eyes, is not weighed down with his burden. Dundas *BRACKETED* , in Highland dress, marches grinning in front of the bull, playing the bagpipes which are inscribed  OPEN>> Union Pipes
50 000!, 30 000!, East India Company 2 000 000!!!, Duke of Queensbury 100-000!, 100 000!, Pit *BRACKETED* D. dass 10000 *BRACKETED* , 50000, Duke of Bridgewater 100 000!, Corporation of London 100 000!
Capricci fatti per
Request
N° 25
Nathan Levi Uitdraager en Kleermaaker
Capts Pack
Lts Pack
Courage Militais
Nederlandsche \\ Societeÿt \\ Vry Wÿn en Moll
gebranndte Waateren te koop
Proverbs
Privy Purse
Shillela
Paws off! no Blarney will do with me! I'm up to all your Gammon! and so is my dear Master, I'm Cozey at last in spite of all your speeches and paragraphs, and you may all go to the Devil your Master!!!
Ca *BRACKETED* on
I have not above a Hundred Thousand a Year, these hard times Pray remember the Poor! *BRACKETED* .
Ca *BRACKETED* ation
I have not above Fifty Thousand a Year, a slender pittance, Pray remember the Poor.
With my Wife's fortune and my own, I have not above Forty Thousand a Year, Pray remember the Poor!
Dear, good, worthy countryman, thou Pine Apple of Erin! consider, I was burnt out, not a penny in my purse, my credit very low— do, dear Mac, for the love of St Patrick, give me a handfull
In te Domine speravi
Sung by Mr. Mathews, with unbounded Applause, in the Farce of The Three and the Deuce, &c.—
Printed for Robert Sayer, N° 53, Fleet Street
Both sexes seem to rival each other in the strangeness and affected gentility of their appearance
Learned Pig
Genl Jacko
Shakespeares Plays
Popes Works
Nature
Lunardi
Fame
Wisdom
Justice
Virtue
*BRACKETED* ple Fame and Temple Virtue
Sung by Mr Fawcett, at Covent Garden, in the Popular Farce of We Fly by Night.
all the little Clarks, Were mark'd with a rasher of bacon
Robespiere Marat
Taleyrand
Atheism
Cup of French Faith
Sal Infernal
Favourite French Wines of the Consular Vintage
Sang des Suisse *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Sang des Anglais
Sang des Holland *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Near it lies a ballad:  OPEN>> Invasion of Great Britain a Catch to be performed after Supper with a full Chorus of his Highness's Band
Crocodile Soup
Mahomedan Gravy.
Fuel for Everlasting Flames
Poisoning 580 wounded French soldiers
Massacre of 3800 Turks at Jaffa
Murdering 1500 Women at Toulon
Assassination of captive Swiss
Destruction of St Domingo
Fire
Swo *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> extermination
Murder
Treachery
Blasphemy
Blood
Breach of Faith
Cruelty
Envy
Perjury
Ingratitude
Devestation
Avarice
L'Armée D'Angletarre
When these Gallic Foisters, *BRACKETED* gape wide for our Oisters, Old Neptune will rise up with Glee, Souse and Pickle them quick, to be sent to Old Nick, As a Treat from the God of the Sea, - Tol de rol.
*BRACKETED* ORTIFICATION
F
Morning Post Tuesday March 6th 1787. Marquis La . . s . . . n; This Letter if his Grace thought proper, he would send him under cover to refresh his convenient & accomodating Memory------ Lords Debates
Cherbourg
en le rose je fleurie
List of English Disaffected
Cripple Gate
Methought I heard a voice cry Sleep no more! Wenables does murder Sleep . . .  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> Chief nourisher in life's feast—Shakespear
But now they rise and push us from our stool's
Where are we to Sleep now alas!; Oh! Murder.
Figgins for ever No Wenable's
Dedicated to the Inventors, Lord S....... *BRACKETED* , & Lord C......... *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Four designs separated by intersecting lines. *BRACKETED* Unsuspecting geese are watched by four foxes, one of whom says to the others:  OPEN>> Tis plain there is a Plot on foot, let's seize them Brother Oliver.
I have no doubt of it I can smell it plainly.
those Bloodthirsty Wretches mean to destroy Man, Woman, & Child, I know to a certainty; for they carry Sedition, Privy Conspiracy & Rebellion in their looks.
and I'll swear it Brother Castle let's dash at them.
theres a pretty collection of Rogues gather'd together, if there is not a Plot amongst them burn my Tail & Whiskers.
The Worlds over-run with Iniquity, & these troublesome Miscreants will not let honest Hawks sleep in security
To Carlton House
G.P.
Shelaly
N° 10......
I Promise to pay to the Emperor Napoleon, or Bearer, \\ One Penny, when British Valour shall have wholly subsided & \\ when the French Army shall have become masters of the British Islands. \\ London, the 4th day of June *BRACKETED* . \\ For Self, Fearnaught & Hardblow, \\ *BRACKETED* George Lather 'em *BRACKETED* . \\ ONE \\ Entd Bob Trimmer.
Great Britain
Ireland
London
Edinburgh
Dublin
Britannia \\ The Pride of the sea
I'll beat you until you Pi--ss Small Beer
I'll hit you such thump that will bid your Scotch crowdy Good morrow
Fox
Take Courage III support the cause while I can ware the Breaches
Hit him low & you will make him Surrender as I made Monsieur on the twelfth of April
Well dun Fox
O Wray
Carte | Melons . . 6— | Foies gras . . 8— | *BRACKETED* . . 12— | Vin . . 15— | dessert. . 4— | Total 45—
Very Restaurateur Glacier
Tria Juncta In Uno
Half Way House Cottrell, From Old Slaughters Coffee House, dealer in Foreign Spirituos Liquors. Dinners Drest on the shortest Notice
Half-way House
Etch'd by Wm Brocas. Publish'd by J. Sidebotham 24 Lower Sackville Street
Ballotin Box
Nay
yea
Rules to be observed in this Society, Ist That each Member shall fill a half pint Bumper to the first Toast. 2nd That after Twenty four Bumper toasts are gone round, every *BRACKETED* may fill as he pleases. 3 That any Member refusing to comply with the above Regulations to be fine a bumper of Salt & Water
All the little Devils sitting on the Wall cry'd  OPEN>> Turn him out of Hell - turn him out of Hell
I am come to make you all free & happy!
To Chalk Farm
take comfort my Lord, for you I will be allways Dunning
If he opens his mouth I will be down his Throat
the North fog Rot Him
It shall be Recomend *BRACKETED* to Congress to Cut the Loyalists . . . 16 Articl, 14 Artl, 10 Artle, 6 Artle, 11 Artle, 7 Artle, 4 Artle
Join us & we will give Europe peace.
Join us.
Moscow is Burnt Paris Saved
Satirist
William Mill *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , the bookseller and publisher in Albemarle Street. The first has the head of Lord Holland, and is led by a fat lady *BRACKETED* who grasps a paper inscribed  OPEN>> Pension
Derby
Cavendish
Bolingbroke
Harvey of Chigvirk
Holland Sheets
Fox's Tales
Godfrey's Cordial
Oh! Ah! alack aday! alas! / What burden for a reverend Ass
Miseries of Hum *BRACKETED* - Virgil Blank
Mrs Pandora her Box
A Tale of Flodden
Now in good sooth I see the Miller / Right soon we all shall touch the Siller
Gramecy my Lord Marmion / Our Donkey merrily gangs on
Stand at ease
Yes - its very fine talking - but if you had such a Confounded Gout, as I have young man You'd find it d----d difficult to sit at ease.
Oh! a petticoat, Honey's, an Irishmans Joy,
Search the world over, sure Paddy's the boy, For banging the men, and for kissing the lasses.
Admit two to the Boxes Ca Bo. . .
A slap at slop
New England
Quebec
Nova Scotia
E. Florida
W. Florida
Plan of Taxes 1782
O Boreas, the Loss of these Fish will ruin us for ever
My Honored Liege never Fret. Minden *BRACKETED* & I will cook 'em yet
Plan of North America
York Town
4
3
1
2
6
8
7
5
1 Park. The Hogs they lie with their asses bare Grunty, grunty, grunt. 2 Riming--n Here's Justice, Alderman, & Mayor, Drunkty &c. 3 Sn--w. Pray what do you mean by insulting me. Thumpty &c. 4 P--nt--n No Cutting or Slashing nor Glister for me frumpty, &c. 5 P--rr--n I am the Lad that brings you good cheer plumpty &c. 6 Ban--d And I am the Coachman that brought the Pig here Lumpty &c. 7 SI--ns--y Slingo the Postboy and Til drive him home. Jumpty &c. 8 B--nd--g. Beny the Butcher will ne'er let him roam, dumpty.
General Chorus. And when the show is over, and all the Gain we've got Why then our Brother Alderman Alas! he goes to Pot Hey down ho down derry deny down O the Corporation Hogs of Windsor.
Semper Eadem
Wisdom in every Glance in every Gesture Dignity and Grace.
Nap
Come Gentlemen - here is Success to Plunder and Massacre.
Champagne
View of Malmaison
Tune Drops of Brand
I Nap These Spaniards are terrible rogues They will not submit to my fetters, With patience so gracefully worn Nay sought for by Nations their betters But let us return to the charge, And no longer with lenity treat them Once get them to lay down their arms And Til warrant brave boys we shall beat them Rum ti iddidy... *BRACKETED* . Death Brother  OPEN>> Boney
Joey
King
Liberty
King
What the Devil are you come to peep at now! am not I to have a moment's peace for you - It is the damn'd Assess'd Taxes have done it - I never had such a pain in my bowels in all my born days!!!
An abominable shameful Luxury, this is sinning in the open face of Day!
Oh Shameful! Scandalous.
The Times
Important from the East. Our old and faithful friends the Turks are quickly recovering from the shameful trick played them by the Ambitious Nicholas; through our honorable & most disinterested secret endeavours; And we shall soon dispose of half the Russians if they do not come to reason, that is, if they insist on punishing their enemies for insults we have not received, and with the most unjust inconvenience of our maritime influence. Hum!!!
Sir, This with Master's & the Peoplesh compliments & hopes that you will handle pretty roughly those impertinent Spaniards who have lately so impudently attempted to re-conquer their own Colonies.
Sir, We are here for the good of the good people & shall always keep an eye upon Tampico, You may depend upon it our next advices will be filled with an account of the whole Spanish Expedition being routed
Notice—Old Mrs Truth and that thing called Real Patriotism, with their Friends, &c, are particularly requested not to intrude into this Office, without a Ticket of Admission from His M—j—stys M.n.s.t.r.s
What the Devil brought you here again, some fresh lies I suppose you have got from your M.x.c.n Master's Establishment
Yes, and what is that to you my soft one
I say here Mister I've got 20 murders 5 sham-fights & some extra lies for a penny each so let's have the browns.
A penny each! Good gracious, why we know a great C—l—l, who will write twice as many for half the Money
I am Lt Col Nap . . r the great historian, and wish you to insert this upon my work as soon as possible. What do you require?
A usual Sir. We will insert it immediately for the better vending such a wonderful Production!!!
Well Brother Jonathan here we are in that Office from whence emanates the prototype of all Newspapers in this Country. The most impartial, the most unchangeable and the most clever written paper ever Published
And from *BRACKETED* I can see certainly the most Independent!!!
Law . . . Statutes
Mr Juryman— you have requested permission to retire for a few moments—I have been looking some time for a precedent, and have at last found by the 25th of William Rufus, Chap 531, that a Juryman on any urgent occasion may retire backwards for the space of ten minutes only—therefore you may withdraw.
Dedicated to Electors in General—the difference between One-hour after the return & one Month after.
My worthy—my best friend—it will be my constant study to comply with your wishes—how can I serve you—let me see you often pray come to the Hall we shall be so happy *BRACKETED* see you
Sir there is a Bill about to pass that will quite ruin our trade & bring our families to beggary I hope Sir you will use your influence to throw it out. The other holds a paper *BRACKETED* , Musters *BRACKETED* wishing to pass the measure your vote will be required
You are an impudent fellow I don't know you & if I did do you suppose I should be dictated to fellow
Thou shalt not swear falsely
Lady Hell-fling-stone
Hone
Kings Bench Prison, Staircase N° 7. / For Sale, at a price infinitely below that delicately hinted at C—lt—n House, a cracked &, it must be con-/-fessed, rather dirty article, mounted on a brazen Crocodile lately thrown out of the Nelsonian Collection as blemished / *BRACKETED* but which now serves as a very becoming appendage & supporter to this defective
This article, certainly contemptible as to intrinsic Value, nevertheless is greatly esteemed.—.—.— by barbers / & the frequenters of barbers shops; some of these even reprobate its use, for the Thing itself is soft, / dull, liable to woeful scratches, & void of every thing like Keenness, still it possesses the singular power of / giving a more cutting edge, to substances of superior solidity even, that are made to rub against / this otherwise clumsy & vulgar article, provided always that it frequently is spit upon*, for which it seems / purposely formed.  OPEN>> It was found at Botley after Mr Cobbet's departure, & altho
for aught is known
Affidavit
Perjury
Ava *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Hypoc *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Falshoo *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Treacher *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Bribery
Oppres *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Perjury
Blasphemy
The Chronologist, No 5
cit
Reform
Land of promise
Union
Free trade to India
4d The Quartern
2d Per Pot
No adulteration
No Corn lows
No Window tax
What all those good things it will be more than I can bear!
Sung by Mr. Lovegrove, with unbounded Applause, in  OPEN>> Any Thing New,
a jolly Shoe-Maker
caught a Tartar
sellers
Any Thing New
Europ. Mag.
I'm now Mr Pitt's in Downing Street And I'll bark at all the Whigs I meet.
The Two Gentlemen of Verona
Nay, twill be this hour ere I have done weeping . . . I think Crab my dog be the sowrest-natur'd dog that lives . . .
ending but see, how I lay the dust with my tears
Brow *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* tout
Roast Beef, and French Soup
brazen head
Constitution
Time is past
Time is
Time was
balloons
Air balloons
What is this To This
Beware
Back Stairs
The Temple of
we must destroy this Coalition
A Fig for the Resolutions
Parl. Hist
My precious Eyes and long Limbs - I'll lamb you - I'll teach you you dog now to encourage Brutes to engage in the Human exercise of fighting for Fun.
Give it the dirty Blackguard well my dear Lord for setting his nasty Dog on my poor Pompey
For having dared to give his Lordship indecent Language, because he reproved him for setting two dogs Fighting on Thursday last when he was walking in the Square
Ferdinand VII Liberty or Death
Mew rat *BRACKETED* there Mew Rat there
Vox Populi Vox Dei
No French Tyrany
F. VII
A Gallant Spaniard will never submit to be Governed by the Brother of a Monkey
The Nation that has spirit to throw off the yoke of the Tyrant of France, is that moment an ally of Great Britain.
Dant clare incendia lucem
Æstuat ac nigre semper fuligine squallet *BRACKETED* Tota Domus
A Sketch in Downing Street
Private
Dare for dem, dat for you
Ask him point blank for we must support the—enlightened Monarch—
Will you join me in sending Ships to silence these Insolent Fellows?
My Powers are not so extensive—I shall report yr Lordships polite request to my Court and then—you forget our Dinner is waiting
Protocols
This with the War-Saw will cut my Emperor to the quick—and I am asham'd of my Coleagues behaviour
who pays me for all dis riting? I shall not even get a Snuff Box—how different from Our Brilliant Congress at Wein *BRACKETED* !
I will support the principles of Enter-Wench-in—that we may all Keep a good Peice *BRACKETED* in all places
Your Potecols are no use; help mi Cot, Shentlemen, if you do'nt make everyting out for me I will lend you no more Monish—vat am I to do vit your Ponds
We must all go over de Vater to Sharley!!!
I am affraid they will put Brussells Lace round my Neck—
So I am turned out! I shall join a better Party at Melton: Tally-ho-for ever
They have raised a Devil they cannot lay again
Law
Non Intervention
Retrenchment
Reform
Revolution
Vote by Ballot
Universal Suffrage
No Tythes
No Lords
I tremble at the demon I have raised
Tears of Repantance
cit
This Birch is a Stinger my Lad it was steeped in Maam Clarke's Pickling Pott, at the Commission Warehouse, Glouster Place
Oh Dear Oh dear oh oh oh! Pray forgive me this time and I'll never do so any more Pon my Honor as a Sinner—oh—Indeed I wont Pon Honor I did'nt Oh Dear Oh
For the Doubl Drum The D of Yorks March
For the Drum The Rogues March
Rogue
York Cathed *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Behind John *BRACKETED* is a birch-rod in a chamber-pot:  OPEN>> Mrs Clarke's Pickling Pott
In the Name of Amen I publish and Protest... To my Eldest Son in consequence I bequeath One Shilling
Africa
Cape of Good Hope
Egypt
Indostan
Jacob and Esau
Baptism
From Chaise and four descends th
Bishops-Stortford, Jan. 7, 1818
List! Oh list!!
Dramatis Personae
Lord Sadmouth
Lord Hellborough
Old Bags
Deny down Triangle
George Cunning
Ghost
Just whetted too upon an  OPEN>> English
hang the Doctor *BRACKETED* ; he's as bad as I
million voices bawl'd—Reform!
Vulgar employers of the meanest arts Made up of shallow heads and flinty hearts.
reform must come
A moving Scene in the Fair Circassian a woeful Tragedy written by Mr. Pratt So Bensley stared with all his Might E'en till his Eye-ball started So Farren flew to meet his Sight But she had laced herself so tight Her Top and Bottom parted.
Of a bishop *BRACKETED* , a hero *BRACKETED* , a placeman *BRACKETED* , a lover -  OPEN>> . The text also refers to  OPEN>> its darling *BRACKETED* and deputy - Clarke
We'll join hand in hand all Party shall cease, And glass after glass shall our Union increase, In the Cause of Old England we'll drink down the Sun, Then toast little Ireland and drink down the Moon!
My dear Mrs Perkins so happy to see you—how are all your Sweet dear darling Children your eldest Daughter blooming like a rose—might I ask you to use your influence with your worthy Husband—allow me to kiss that fair hand
lork sur it's all over Soap Suds
profil perdu
Tally ho
Tally-ho! - Tally-ho! - ho! - ho!- ho!
St Vincent
Nelson
*BRACKETED* Cornwall *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Sydney S *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Gardner
Windsor soap
Extract from the Morng Chronicle Apl 23d, 1813. It appears from One of the Halifax Papers, it was the famous Wyandot Chief Roundhead, who took Genl Winchester Prisoner; The Indian according to his notion of the Laws of Nations, & Courtesy due to Prisoners of War, stripped the American Commander of his Fine Coat, Waistcoat, &, Shirt, & then Bedaubed his Skin with Paint; In this ludicrous state having dressed himself in his Regimentals, he presented him to Coll Proctor; who with difficulty Succeeded in getting the Discomfited Genl his Coat, Sword &c back
There you shall see
City Biography
Oxford Magazine
Meteor
The Ides of March are come!
But not passed!!
To the  OPEN>> Old Boy
Agitators
I am lockd up against my will, pray is the Poll over
He shall not come out unless he Votes for us, Independence for Ever
Damn your independence give the Poor fellow his liberty
By the law of this free Country I Demand The person Detained in your Bastille
I wish Govr Lockup and Dr Snake were both at the Divel they are fit Companions for Each other
Our Freedom is gone, and Damn me if it is we'll storm the Bastille Death or liberty
Huzz Huzza
This Sketch is humbly Inscribed to Geo: Lockup Esqr Govr of the new Bastille north Street.
4 Sous
3 Sous
Assignats
O Sacre Dieu! - vat blessing be de Liberte vive le Assemblè Nationale! - no more Tax! no more Slavery! - all Free Citizen! ha hah! by Gar, how ve live! - ve svim in de Milk & Honey!
Map of the French Conquests
cit
Ah! this cursed Ministry! they'll ruin us, with their damn'd Taxes! why, Zounds! - they're making Slaves of us all, & Starving us to Death!
Britannia
Sterling
French conquests
Camb. Mod. Hist.
Le Neuf Thermidor ou la surprise Angloise
Fructidor l'an 3e.
Is Looby only fit To dung the verdant plain ? Yes, Looby has got wit to sack the golden grain. A Toast May every Tyrant fall from power and state, To be made Ploughmen quickly be their fate; But that some care of these fine Lads be taken May Kate be made to boil their broth and bacon.
Le Roi A Moi, A Moi . . . *BRACKETED* Vous! folie, folie folie. Pitt *BRACKETED* , eh Men, Docteur? le D. Projèts affreux, Crimes de toute espece.
Crânes des grands scélerats
Crânes des grands hommes.
18400
1848
homere
virgile
Xanthus cheval d'Achille
bucéphale
cheval d'Alexandre
Le Modèle de la tête du cheval de troye
Eve
Adam
Methusalem
Noë
Samson
Goliath
L'anesse de balaam
cheval de Mardochée
Elephant de Darius
Come Messmates heave a head
Covent Garden
Scourge
The First Book of the Acts of the Regent
*BRACKETED* Dien
Sir I desire you do me right and Justice And to bestow your pity on me: for I am a most poor Woman and a stranger born out of your dominion - if you can report and prove it, against mine honor aught my bond to Wedlock, or my love and duty against your sacred person in gods name turn me away - and so give me up to the sharpest kind of Justice Behind her *BRACKETED* walks a man displaying a large document:  OPEN>> Secret Correspondence / The - *BRACKETED* / Lady - / Lady - / Mrs - /. Ye perjurers suborned avaunt this deed - the under tongued shall plead - against the deep damnation of your Souls.
a scribe whom the people honor
Hide me! Hide me! Truth is hatefull to me and a Virtuous wife abhorrent to my Nature.
Angels and Ministers of grace defend us.
Mercifull Heaven it is all discovered, our our *BRACKETED* schemes are confounded and we are branded with the charge of perjury.
Never mind my Dear - the Blood of Douglas will protect itself! but I must confess it will be most adviseable to shuffle our heads guilty *BRACKETED* as possible out of this disagreable Halter.
DI *BRACKETED* OR *BRACKETED* E
Unhappy Man what had I to do with this wretched scheme of Divorce! - this is worse than my intolerant Dissenting Ministers Bill!
<<CLOSE ' Confound our politics They frustrate our knavish tricks
I thought I was far enough North for them but it appears York wont do!
Wou'd I were now quietly locking up my table Beer to prevent waste among my servants, or sneaking to bed with my shoes in my hand - in fear of waking my Lady - any where but where I am.
Curse the cauldron! I have put foot in it
Sure such a pair were never seen
Charter *BRACKETED* East India Company
India Stock 0000
I'll vanquish, or perish in the battle
They are too powerfull, we had better take to our heels, C------g! *BRACKETED* Grenville's shield lies beside him, decorated with the Royal Arms; beneath it is a  OPEN>> List of the New Ministery CJ *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , Next him is Moira, flourishing a sword, and with a shield on which are cannon, indicating his office as Master of Ordnance. Behind them is Sheridan, brandishing Harlequin's wooden sword; on his shield is a figure of Harlequin *BRACKETED* ; he shouts:  OPEN>> Plunder is the order of the day - huzza for Rupees, Pagodas and the riches of C------e, R------d, L------e and W----y
Stable Yard
Rupees 50000 *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , one of which spills its contents, a tall pagoda *BRACKETED* , an elephant on which an Indian sits, a pineapple, oriental chests, bundles of papers inscribed  OPEN>> Places *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  and  OPEN>> Pensions
This is my second attempt and by the great Spirit of Kouli Khan I shall carry it - my followers are powerfull - they are a mighty host - sweeping all before them! - The Battle is now to the Strong!!
Taxes
New Ways and Means Swin *BRACKETED* of Nabobs Plundering the Pegod.
Directors for the Year 1807 C. J. F. *BRACKETED* Chairman
Sweet little Baby! how it toddles along—Of Bless those pretty legs of thine I am sure thee wilt become Lord Mayor, and may-hap a Member of Parliament
Delusion
Law
Excise
Plans
Rule Britannia, Britannia rule the waves
Britons never shall be Slaves
Extention of Excise
For Trial without Jury the Head of the best Min------r cannot make sufficient Attornment
How fast the drowsy Bitch doth lie.
By, by, lullaby
Bastille
Channel of St Denis French Fleet
"Their Persons, their Property, their Reputation, their Lives were aban-
doned to the arbitrary decisions of a Court of Inquisition and sanctioned
against the backs of a certain Class of British Subjects, the sanguine hand
of Tyranny hoped soon to flourish with undiscriminating fury over our heads
her vilifying rod, reeking with the blood of Englishmen at large, already
terrified into Submission, tamed by example and gradually fashioned for
the Yoke -  OPEN>>  Vide. Alarming Progress of French Politics. Page 24
Truly the case of Clerks will n'er be mended, Till like the Cats, the Rats are all suspended.
Copenhagen
For Protecting His Majesty's Person
For Preventing Seditious Meetings
Aye! Aye! My Seditious Lads I'm down upon You I'll Darken your Day lights I'll stop your Throats.
He'll put us out to a Certainty
The cause that stirr'd 'em to the deed, Is playing now with me the very devil!
Russian Bolus
Austrian Bolus
Prussian Bolus
Sweedish Bolus
A Drum his heart, here rests upon; Hollow like it; its honor gone; Turn up; and you will find a drum, Has sent his Heart to seek his B-m.
Hark! Hark! the Drum beats a retreat, I hear my Soldiers flying feet. Zounds! how I'm griped both front and rear, O zounds! I'm griped to Death I fear
a low Hanoverian insulting his Queen
I swear by my stays *BRACKETED* , I never will mount a Hobby again! don't now you'll take all the stiffening out of my collar and frill.
I'll only give you a dose to make you remember! and if ever I catch you again you shall swallow all the contents of my shop!
That's right Doctor! if we don't exterminate these Hobbies, you'll never have to bleed or drench or I to shoe.
Man and Horse taken in
Anvil Smith and Farrier &c.
Drench Veterinary Surgeon Cows Asses & Dogs cured
D—n you but I'll spoil your sitting! if the Doctor can't get horses to dose he shall have asses to plaster! D—n me! I shall never have an opportunity of cheating a horse of his corn any more if these Hobbies come in Use.
To Coventry
Dick! steer clear of the Blacksmiths in the next village and put up your Hobby where there is no stabling.
Then beware Hobby Horsemen, beware of yr fate  OPEN>> Dismount from your Hobbies before t'is too late,  OPEN>> For Farmers, horse doctors and horses providers,  OPEN>> Cry down wooden horses & down walking riders, whoa hobby, down hobby down
Blucher
Wellington
Swartsenberg
Crown Prince
D. York
Kutusoff
Row
PATER URBIUM subscribi Statuis.
GR
Matrimonial Ladder
old fat Mandarin
Sketches of Fashion Plate 1st
baby
—or our faithful Ally shewing his respect for the British Flag.
Rule Britiannia
If our Governors had not tied our hands—you would not sarve us in this way—never mind we'll have a brush with some of ye before long
I tell you Master Bowling that is the same Horse you brought here.
You tell me you Lubber! do you think I dont know better than that. I tell you I examined the works - and my vessel was not half so much bent in the bows and the Cabin lights were clearer - but what Grapples the whole is this. My Vessel leaked towards the Midships - and this d'ye see leaks abaft.
"Mem: Lord E——has repeatedly Corrected the L—d Ch—ll—r since the opening of Parliament upon points of order—
Expediency
Destruction of the Spanish Armada
O the Brave Days of good Queen Bess
Parl. Hist.
Oh that I could give this Upstart a Fall
Done in one short Word
Bell out Number one but I think I can manage an odd Figure or two
I am of no Party therefore ready to Fight any Party for any Sum not nice about the Terms
Order, Order, Order
I say let in some Air, I am as cool as I was at Saratoga - and the seats of this side the House can never be made easy
Officer obey the temperature Committee - let some Cool Air - the House is too Hot
*BRACKETED* Upper *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* Here Patriots use forlorn Debate, Since Crown at will can Lords create, And Statesmen mute as Mackerel sit, When to inform they think not fit *BRACKETED* Lower *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* Here Outs with Opposition burn To serve their own, or Country's turn, And Ins of Taxes make the most And thence of liquidation boast But War's alarms our Debt encrease By scoring more than's paid in Peace And all to fight Infidel, Which Parties set at home pell mell To see each side with zeal contend, For public good, not private end, You'd swear, as naught appears of Jest, In Senate Britain truly blest
The Devil can't Stand against a Double force. Vide the Votes of H: C: on ye 18 of Feby 1783
Waterloo
Divorce
Honor
Virtue
n° 18
ah! Maman queu guignon *BRACKETED* J'amene Le 18.
Console toi mon fils tu as un remplaçant *BRACKETED* .
18
The Beauties of St Ann's Hill
Whig Club
A Quiz of a Fellow Seeing a Bill on a Window announcing Lodgings to Let, Knock't at the Door from mere curiosity, and was conducted thro
Pray my Dear are you to be Let with these Lodgings
No Sir answer'd the Captivating Female, - I am to be Let alone
Bond Street
Two Bond Street loungers discoursing in Piccadilly, one of them said, he wish'd much to go into the Country, upon which the other made the following observation:  OPEN>> In the Country, my Friend there is nought to be seen,  OPEN>> But an Ass on a Common, or a Goose on a Green.
There would be in the Country them things to be seen  OPEN>> Were you on a Common your Friend on a Green
Dont be in such a passion Mr Newland, I assure you I only wanted change for a one pound note!
You little common Disturber - if ever I catch you lurking about these Premises again, - I'll Knock you down with the three per cents, consolidated Annuities!
Hints *BRACKETED* ... on his modelling a bust of Lord G ****** le
ΑπΟΛΛωΝΙΟS ΝΕSΤOROS
Scourge
The Duke of York, the Whigs and the Burdettites
Horse Guards
Freedom of the City
Address Col Wardle
Col. Wardle
Mary Anne late the property of ye D- but now -.
Extraordinary Gazette London May 25th his Royal Hin . .. reinstated
He comes he co . . .
He comes he comes the Hero comes
Stool of Repentance
Bankes Stool
Bankes Blacking
Bankes Patent White wash 1811
Barham's stool
The Patriotism of 140 Wigs
cit
Opposition Resolutions
Charges against his R H the Duke - charges air light air nothing.
The palace that N-h built: a parody on an old English poem. By I. Hume
Election Ball
Sr Sim: Blunderhead
Liberté
Honneur Patrie
Quel Triomphe.
Je le conduirai en Enfer.
C'est moi qui le guide.
Paix Générale
Croker Papers
Je vais le suivre au Mont-St Jean.
Cries of London
Old Cloaths to sell! Old Cloaths! who wants a pair of Broad Bottom Breeches almost as good as New
Hot grey peas - all hot - also Blunder-head Dumplins and a few dispensations from the Pope to be disposed of.
Country Dances for the Year 1807
Who wants any petty calculations fit for any young Man just setting up in business - NB the newest steps of the most fashionable Dances taught on moderate terms
Candle ends
Cheese Parings
Training Act
Candle Ends and Cheese parings wholesale and Retail
Wh'oll enter into the drum'd out Broad Bottom'd Regiment all the Talents of the Country combind together *BRACKETED* , Now is the time my Boys or never.
£4000 Pr Anm
Several Old Wigs and briefs to be disposed of - the genuine property of my Lord Ego retiring from business
Irish Bulls
Encyclopedia of Experience
Irish Bulls, and a large Stock of experience Just imported
Whitbreads Brown Stout
Whitbreads real Brown Stout, in large or small quantities, the present proprietor leaving off Brewing
Cordial for bad Consciences
Medecin *BRACKETED* Chest
Will any body buy an Old Harlequins Jacket - very cheap - for ready money only
Intented *BRACKETED* as a Frontispiece to the Satirical Poem of all the Talents
Scourge
Prime Bang Up
Tempest
Trumpeter scull
Tally ho
Resolutions Passd at the Last Meeting of the Four in . . . Resolved . . . *BRACKETED* Buxton.
landeau-vis
Life in Paris
Pull, pull away, pull the Fishes, With them we will fill our Dishes; Pull, pull the Loaves, pull a good crop, For we have many mouths to stop.
Pensions, Annuities, Gratuities, &c. &c.
Land Tax Bill
An Act to impose a Tax on Shops *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> An Act to impose a Tax on Houses
An Act to impose a Tax on Horses
An Act to tax Hats
An Act to impose a Tax on Windows
An Act to impose a Tax on Insurance
Tea Tax *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Tax on Spirits
Tax on Cyder
Tax on Bricks & Tiles
Tax on Auctions
An Act to impose a Tax on Perfumery
An Act to Tax Men & Maid Servants *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Tax on Births Deaths &c. &c
Tax on Gloves
Tax on Receipts
Salt
Tax on Sugar
Tax on Malt
Tax on Coals
Tax on Wine
Tax on Candles
Tax on Beer
Tax on Glass
Tax on Soap
Tax on Cloth
Tax on Tobacco
Stamp Duties
Tax on Hides
Tax on Paper
Tax on Medicines
Tax on Wool
Tax on Carriages
Tax on Pepper
&c. &c. &c &c.
Deals & Battens
Coffee and Chocolate
Commutation
Cut the first—is the Celestial: When you meet  OPEN>> your dunning Tailor, or story-telling Uncle, or a  OPEN>> Respectable Man with a Shabby-drest Wife and  OPEN>> poodle dog. You are suddenly struck with the  OPEN>> beauty of the Heavens! What a magnificent Structure  OPEN>> Herschell—Georgium Sidus: *BRACKETED* By that time your Tailor  OPEN>> is gone by—& you pursue your walk—solus
Ninth Days Poll Majority for Lord John Townshend 218
London
To Cheltenham
Ha! Ha! we beata You
you Lie
You may as well shoot at a Needle you'll never hit him with that little Pop gun - here take this - it's larger in the Bore
That's near the Mark
Take good aim
plenty of room Gemmen
Arm'd with my own conscious rectitude - I I defy you all
Murder! Murder. Stop the Duel Stop the Duel
Stop the Duel Stop the Duel, Ha - What - ? - What - Shot! - Shot! -  OPEN>> . Two spectators stand in the middle distance; one looking through an eye-glass at Pitt says  OPEN>> Not in the least embarrass'd
He stands as easy as if he was in a drawing Room
Peculation - Peculation O it was a wonderfull Peculation!
He went to Daddy Jenky - by Trimmer Hall attended, \\ In such Company good, how his Morals must be mended \\ Bow, wow, wow.
T'was within a mile of Edinburgho Town
For if rich rogues like us were to swing \\ T'would soon thin the land such a Number to string \\ Upon Tyburn Tree!
Sing Tantarara Rogues all.
Rock of Innocence
The Impeachment
Rocks of Honor and Justice
The Vanity-Cooler
Vanity
Ist Report
10th Report
Popular Clamour
Truth
Reason
Adam
Plomer
Impartiality
Integrity
Defamation
Justice
Faction
Broad-Bottomd Goose-Coop
C. J Fox *BRACKETED* Downing . . . *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Behind him Lauderdale's head and arms emerge from a wave, desperately trying to reach a floating barrel of  OPEN>> East India Roupees
Posterity
Pitt
"So - shall my little Bark attendant sail,  OPEN>> Pursue the Triumph, and partake the Gale!
Ye are all of ye—tit for tat—a set of sneaking cowards—a troop of Turn-coats *BRACKETED* .—Now, indeed, ye would fain be admitted to the chosen Flock, by Petition or by Force—but by Gad I'll rouse up my curs to bate ye every one out of the land!!!
Hercules
Pillars
Ne Plus Ultra
Gallia Cantat
Allied Sovereigns
Balance of Power
Viva Orangee,
Tyr/any
Vile Tailor! you're late—you forget your station— Oh, G—d d—mne!—G—d d—mn—n!
Ditto, ditto, if I forget my station You are a fungus on the nation
Bum Puff a Peer of new Creation And must be present at the Cor'nation; My Robes not ready! and the Nation, Expects that men of my High Station! Should be present at the Cor'nation; And what a blow for a wondring Nation, If I ca'nt shew in my present High Station
So far so Good, Stitch knew his Station With the Robes, the Liv'ry of the Nation He left this Peer of New Creation
Trip to India
Description of the Sea Monster
Power
D
Dissolution
Maidstone
Petersburg
Malta
I say Billy, Billy - Think I can do them all - now for Petersburgh.
Well done my old Master you have Blocked up Malta, now dash right in to Petersburgh - as for the Other little wretches you can Easily trip up their Heels & lay them on their Backs.
I wish I was safe at Copenhagen again
And I at Stockholm
I am only Neuter, George, dont take any Side, - my Love to my Daughter *BRACKETED* .
Curse this George, he hits so hard I wish I had not Challenged him - why you sculking dogs why don't you come in front & stand up to him, I dont like to have all his clumsey thumps
Gape wide Sherry
This is better than the School for Scandel
These are golden Drops
I have still a Finger in the Pye
Shite away my Lord, my mouth is open
I shall never have a Belly full
Treasury
Some people may think this a comical Farce is, To see them a gaping at each others A------s, Tho
Gloucester Place
Comision Warehouse
Removed to Charing Cross
*BRACKETED* rke
I'll swear my brother Tom purchased here
Thr'o the Greenwood she took her lonely way, and all the world before her - *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , and  OPEN>> Thou hast agrim appearance and thy face has a command in it - Shae
What shall we do with these of the sinecure breed?—I fear that we shall have some difficulty of disposing of such unprofitable Cattle
I mean to get rid of them altogether if I can, otherwise I shall be obliged to make a shew of them
*BRACKETED* spear
The Great! and the Little Great
Temple of Patriotism
Cease Mortals, Cease your prayers I'll have my will. Tho
Thare *BRACKETED* thus he gores me to the heart Himself unconscious of the Smart.
O Save me Save me
Boreas
I'll gnaw the Strumpets liver.
Caen Wood
I'll be round upon her with as much speed as if it were to take a fee, but I am afraid these dam'd Petitions will save her.
Minden
Liberty
Woolsack
Hey day Minden dont be ashamed dont give up the Chase by turning tail
Minden
No No I am not ashamd its only a way that I have got always to turn my tail when I fight
Bow vow vow vow. This Phrenzy of Public virtue must be *BRACKETED* down.
Twitcher
Condemn me not for being last The Dog unskilld and lame cannot go so fast.
Herts
Bucks
Hants
Der *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Wilts
Kent
Deven *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Essex
Cambride
Nottinghm
Middlesex
Sussex
Surry
York
Westminr
Petition of City of London
Temple of Patriotism
The Constitution will aid us in our Protection
The sound will florish
Wisdom
Hope
Perseverance
Fortitude
Faith
Behold their arms
Bill of Rights
Magna Charta
our cause is just
House of Venality
Placemen
Contraitors *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , over the right  OPEN>> Pensioners
Folly
Cruelty
Despair
Ignorance
Oppression
The Saps corrupted
Dear Sawney I am indeted to you for this sport.
Ay Belzy you may say that our nation has been very active for you
Memoires a Payer
Compte *BRACKETED* a Payer
Reçus
Meures *BRACKETED* des Richesses
Chantages de la Pauvreté
Projets
cit
Tim Take Inn Stock to be sold off at Prime Cost
cheap Shop
Turk *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* , is about to fall backwards into space. Bonaparte wears a huge cocked hat, is naked from the waist, but wears sleeve-ruffles, according to the old gibe on the beggarly French fop. He is much emaciated, and gashed with wounds;  OPEN>> Nelson
Malta
Gentlemen take the 1000£ it is a liberal Offer, and then you will all belong to me.
All I can say is, Tis a very fine thing to be Father in Law to a very magnificent three tail'd Bashaw.
Why the Sir Johns are too hard upon us but we must close with them for we are forced to sell.
Aqua...
I hope he may succeed for he declares every thing shall be set straight.
To be sure I have driven 300 miles but thank God we have got a Candidate at last.
If swearing is required I am ready to swear any thing.
Law
If zeal & energy can ensure success, it is ours.
I told you that one seat was not large enough for him.
W Weight. Dealer in Wine Spirituous Liquors & Seats in Parliaments
Fox for eve *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . He is in his well-known dress, see BMSat 5696, &c, and wears ungartered stockings. Beneath the title is engraved:  OPEN>> Libertas et natula *BRACKETED* Solum
Pull, Pull, away, Pull the Fishes, With them we will fill our Dishes, Pull, Pull, the Loaves, pull a good crop For we, have many mouths to stop,
Places
Sinecures
Pensions
4,000 Pr Anm
Property Tax
Land Tax Bill
Beer Tax
Horse Duty
House Tax
Tax on Coffee & Chocolate
Window Tax
Hat-Duty
Brick & Tile Tax
Duty on Perfumery
Spirit Duty
Servants Tax
Cyder Tax
Auction Duty
Dog Tax
Wine Duty
Tax on Carriages
Tax on Malt
Tax on Coals
Hair Powder Tax
Tax on Sugar
Tax on Candles
Tea- Tax
Stamp Duty
Tax on Hides
Tax on Wool
Tax on Glass
Tax on Tobacco
Tax on Soap
Salt Tax
Tax on Insurance
Tax on Pepper
Tax on Medicines
Tax on Cloth
Tax on Gloves
Shop Tax
Deals & Battens
Tax on Armorial bearings
Tax on Births & Deaths
Just as it was in my time! Pillage & Plunder is the day still!
Poor John Bull - where's your Bed of Roses now? *BRACKETED* oh that I where *BRACKETED* alive to combat with these Villains
Sacred to Peace
profil perdu
Ça ira ça ira ça ira
Stanhope
Magna Charta
Bill of Rights
Act of Settlement
Statutes at Large
Reform is absolutely necessary to prevent Revolution
I do maintain that Reform means nothing else than Revolution
A Lee-tle Reform is wanting but fiddlededee about Revolution
I say If we dont have a Real Radical Reform we'll have a Revolution
Push On, - Keep Moving
Oh! D-n these Cossacks,
To London
to Rochester
To Aylesbury
Dead or alive we'll have him I'll Barber him
Provided nevertheless, if he does not we will have his son
I'll Butcher him if he wont come Dam him.
Dam Mr G-----s & Mr R------ns too I'll see if the Eloquence of a Bishop will not bring him.
Stop him hes stole the Horse
Beef Steak House
John Dickins
Gregory
Tho Smith's the best friend I have I'll oppose him Bob for fun's sake
This will Kill me Quite Matt
I'll be ashamed to go into Town Tho its allmost Dark
I'll say I have been to Gravesend on business.
As I am the Manager I must haste to the Hall & nominate him tho' I know he wont come.
I'll go this way that they may not laugh at me
friend so will I
I should like to go to supper but I suppose they that go must pay
A
State
Church
I rule
£100 00 . .
I Pray
Farmer
I Work for Both
Merchant
I Cheat you Three
Lawyer
I Fleece you Four
Doctor
I Poison you Five
Devil
I'll have all Six—
Why! here's enough for three nights Illumination!
Three times Three! My Lord!!
Here's Marshal Jordens Rolling-pin.
La Emperu . . .
And here comes their Last Cannon!!
By St Patrick I think we have taken all they brought from Parts!
Huzza Huzza
By Gar every ting goes backwards with us.
Plunder
Sung with the greatest Applause by Mr. C. Taylor, at Vauxhall Gardens: Written, composed, and respectfully inscribed to George Rogers Barrett, Esq., by Mr. W. T. Parke.
chef d'œuvre
Lady Squander
School for Scandal
Lot 5
In London's gay circle where pleasures abound
More Horrors
Death and Destruction
Life in Paris
Oak
My Name is Sr G. Rodney Bibbaty Bobody Binn O Did I not Drub you well at Sea With my little Club of Oak. O.
O I am very Sick This Damd Rodney will doo for me
Begar me never feel a my knees go so Nicky Naky Nicky Nacky in a ... la my Life before as a me do at pre sant
To fight against Britons ye task is in vain, For Triumphant we ride still Lord of ye Main, Success to Brave Rodney whose Valor renown Now Frightens ye French & Sicken the Don
Mal y Pense
Europe
Africa
Public Disapprobation
Dead Sea
Fort William
I am sorry for its decline it may shake the intire indian System of discipline.
I hope it cannot affect the prosperity of this presidency tho its influence may injure the harvest and destroy Barns.
A very extraordinary Eclipse indeed! I think I should have a better prospect of its termination from the telegraph on the Admiralty Office—gentlemen has any of you calculated its duration? let me see Beginning 7h 57. 1 half M at Kensington in 1806 Middle 9 h—7 M somewhere about Westminster in 1813 total Obscuration I think may be expected in this country in 1815—perhaps it may be perceived sooner in England.
Its sinking rapidly, that dark planet seems alarming, and may draw stars of a less magnitude into its vortex—dont you think Sir these signs are Omenous *BRACKETED* ? I hope its not yet too late to repent.
Garrison Orders
Burns Justice
Vengeance
Satirist
Register
Huzza! Escaped from Lincoln
Statesman
The Splendid Paupers
I have a little Book printed by order of the House of Commons, it is one of their reports, but they did not order that I should have it bound and bring it here—nor do they title it as I do; I call it in my library  OPEN>> The Splendid Paupers
De *BRACKETED* er in *BRACKETED* OME ...
This Phenomena was known to a few Philosophers previous to its becoming visible to the public Eye, and we are assured by many Scientific persons, is not likely to happen again within the existance of the present generation—vide Vox Stellum
To Wig - or not to Wig That is the Question
Duty and Loyalty - Blubber Blubber Blubber
Death of Chatham
Life of P------t
Shark of Nootka
Master Billy I have brought you a Cake of my own making
Mock Turtle
Hot Puffs 12 for a Shilling
Thank you Master Sammy
I wish he had done reading that I might be dubbed
Compensation as sure of it as if we had it
Whales sure to Catch them
Huts quite sufficient to be sure
Neat as imported
Le K *BRACKETED* London
It was an excellent Motion - nicely wound - up in Time - for he was almost Down.
Address
Conceived and Brought forth in less than 9 Days
Mrs Mitchel
Cleveland Row
Men Traps are laid here: every Night also ....
P R E S S
Rehearsal transprosed
A Whip for the Devil
Les Métamorphoses du jour
Beviamo tutti tie
Anne Jon
vis-à-vis
who was - unfortunately - Kill'd in a Duel April 6th, 1803 \\ taken on the Steyne at Brighton
A good night to your R . . . l High . . . s!!! Bon Soir, my lady; I'm no peeping Tom of Coventry
Flanders
Holland
Libertas
Vive la Repub *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Heavy clouds cover the sky, from it fall stones or lava upon  OPEN>> Vienna
Berlin
Rome
Print Collector's Quarterly
House of Lords
Bible
The Bank
India House
Whitbreads Intire
£5 London Promise Five *BRACKETED* Noland
Item to remember my own Poverty B--f-- D--------
Treason \\ Law of \\ Libel \\ Misprison of *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The monstrous emblem of the French Republic *BRACKETED* has a wide grin; serpents writhe in her unkempt hair, spitting out a halo of flames inscribed:  OPEN>> Rapine
Murder
Famine,
Atheism
Gin
Republiq *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The topmost of the barrels on which she sits is  OPEN>> Hollands Gin
The British Delegates Respectful application for Peace
Dedicated to those Lovers of French Freedom who would thus Debase their Country.
The King \\ of \\ Prerogative
Irish Propositions
Thou Sun of glory! Source of all that's great! At whose command I rule this headstrong state, On thee with fainting heart, for aid I call O save thy fav'rite from untimely fall: *BRACKETED* From our joint heads these Propositions came, While luckless I alone, must bear the blame, Thick & threefold petitions come to Town Lords, - Commons, - Merchants, - all on Billy frown!!! Behind him is a bundle of papers held together by a scroll inscribed  OPEN>> Provision for the Boghouse 1785
Petition to the *BRACKETED* rliament
Manchester Remonstr *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ;  OPEN>> from Glasgow
Rights of the People
Westminst *BRACKETED* Petition
Popula *BRACKETED* Resentment
Sacrifices to Liberty The Gracchi
De Witt
Gaveston
Mortimer
The next to fall
Temple of Freed *BRACKETED* a British ruin
Prerogative of the People
Charles I
Deceitful Wretch remember my End & Repent.
Why do you shake your gory locks at me you cannot say I did it.
Insolvent Act
the property of L. W. L—n—x. alias. Blinking Billy
The Wood
My suspicions are now realized. What a d—d fool I was not to Cut that Wood in proper time
To Hertford
R—L Sceptre
Hertford Leading Strings
Ich Dien
Come up you idle fellow, you get so lazy that Fred—will distance us at this rate —you'll not drive your Hobby home to night.
To Windsor
Come on my Boy you seem to slacken in your pace, you cannot yet be tired of the Road—mine has 10,000 Charms!!!
Well done Fred—you are yet as active as a young Man & can manage your Hobby dexterously—
Carey's Chickens
pigeon-holes
From N to O *BRACKETED* Jack *BRACKETED* you must Go
O woe is me, t
Box
Pit
Gallery
Writ
Tripe
Gin
Snuff
Ale
Beer
For the Benefit of Spiller
Go draw your quills, and  OPEN>> draw five Bills
Put out yon blaze of light.
St. Esprit
petit-maítre
Pensylvania
Virginia
*BRACKETED* cticut
Philadelphia
*BRACKETED* Jer *BRACKETED* ey
N. York
*BRACKETED* ada
Temple of Eunuch's
Democracy
been lead and fool'd, By fawning, cringing, two fac'd lords and rogues, . . .
Magna Charta
Bill of Rights
Government always improveable
Original Power of the People
Hanging Judges
Sedition
Universal Suffrage
Did you not say that the Mob would be the better for losing a little blood!
Delegate from the London Corresponding Society to the British Convention.
box
box
America
England
Channel
Vive La Republique
Libertas
Wretches, - I did not expect to appear before you - I always thought I should be delivered up to the rage of the people, torn in pieces, & that my head, stuck on the top of a pike, would have preceded Marat on his state-bed, to serve as a rallying point to Frenchmen, if there still are any worthy of that name. - But happen what will, if I have the honours of the guillotine, & my clay-cold remains are buried, they will soon have conferred upon them the honours of the Pantheon; and my memory will be more honoured in France than that of Judith in Bethulia
at the bar of the Revolutionary Tribunal of Paris, July 17th 1793. for having rid the world of that monster of Atheism and Murder, the Regicide Marat, whom she Stabbed in a bath, where he had retired on account of a Leprosy, with which, Heaven had begun the punishment of his Crimes. -  OPEN>>   OPEN>> The noble enthusiasm with which this Woman met the charge, & the elevated disdain with which she treated the self created Tribunal, struck the whole assembly with terror & astonishment
Perdition seise thee! Hadst thou finished the intended Purpose, the triumphs of the junto had been complete. But now disgrace and public detestation, mark the awful resignation of our Places.
Oh I have drank of the deadly pois'ned cup administ'red by corruption
My good lord I have nearly done the business
Canst thou behold this mangled breast - this dreadful carnage of my children & feel no keen remorse! Oh forego this bloody warfare, else can revolted nature  OPEN>> eer forget her wrongs or close in amity the dire catastrophe of recent woes.
Hence bloody Phantom, Shake not thy gory locks at me. Approach thou like the rugg'd Rhinoceros, or fierce Hyrcanian beast take any shape but that, & my firm nerves shall never tremble
Map of the British Empire in the Year 1775
O'er America's lofty summits And Africa's dusky plains; From Europe to the Ganges: And wher'eer the Atlantic bathes the western shores
The Military Adventures of / Johnny Newcome, / with an Account of his / Campaigns in the Peninsular and in / Pall Mall: with / Sketches by Rowlandson; and Notes. /...By an Officer *BRACKETED* . / London: / Printed for Patrick Martin, 198, Oxford-Street, / . . . / 1815
Rambler's Magazine
I have got my Freedom without being beholden to the Grocers
This Honour is highly acceptable to me
You honour us greatly
Mr Pitt is a Sweet Man and a Fig for Mr F.
Mr Pitt is welcome to Mace, Cinnamon and All-Spice, but not a brace of Nutmegs for Mr F------
There he goes
Take the Advice of a common friend - the less said about the matter the better!
at the laying of the foundation of the Opera House
In Fashione
Out of Fashione
Son of this Father
Grace in olde Times
Vest . . s father and son
Moderne Gracefull Postures
I am alone
No Pardieu behold your tutor
Simplicity adieu
Vestris en Roy
Box
Vestris Opera second benefit
Opera . . . Sufferers . . . Barbadoe *BRACKETED* . . . America
Barbados
Away we have no time to attend to Trifles
Your owne price secure us but places
Wear me who will
To such of the Nobilitie, Gentrie &c. of G***t B***t**n whose hearts are so unnatturallie devoide of feeling, as to prefer the squandering away of that Wealth, which God has put them in possessione of *BRACKETED* upon impertinent Coxcombs, the very scum of a rival Nation, and at best but the shadow of a Contemptable animal, to nobly relieving the Distresses of their unfortunate Countrie Men, this Sculpture is humbly Dedicated.
Description of the curious ancient bass relief which was found upon laying the Foundation of the present Opera-House, in the Haymarket
friendly Reader
compare the Barbarity of the old Times with the Politeness of the present
Could we . . . believe that our Ancestors were so totally lost to true Taste and Judgment as to sit with patience to behold the ridiculous unmeaning Attitudes of a French Posture-Master especially when the Artist had so evidently produced the original Brute, from whence this wretched Plagiary borrowed his chief Graces?
Folly and Absurdity
is faithfully copied from an old Drawing in Bister. . .
The  OPEN>> Time is out of joint | O cursed Spight! | That ever I was born | To set it right!!—
Why may not this be the Scull of some great Lawyer? where be his quiddets, and his quillets now? his cases and his tricks? why suffer this disgrace? nor tell him of his actions of Battery, &c. &c.
. . . What News?
certain
great Personage
Leo Britannicus
Russian Bear
Sicilian Terrier
True-Royal-Spanish-Breed
Portuguese Wolf
Remember Junot and Remember Dupont.
Dreadful Descent of ye Roman Meteor
British-influence
French Influence
The Turkish New-Moon, Rising in Blood
Spirit of Charles ye XII
- The Imperial Eagle emerging from a Cloud.
German Eagle
Ditch of Styx
Rex Joseph
Lethean Ditch
The Rhenish Confederation of Starved Rats, crawling out of the Mud *BRACKETED* .
Dutch-Frogs spitting out their spite.
- American Rattle-Snake shaking his Tail.-
Prussian Scare-Crow attempting to Fly -.
Discord got by Volpone, and Volpone was got by the Scotch peasant his------
the well known old Race Horse Old  OPEN>> 'John by Hesitator
LOT 4
NB The Old Cart Horse— rode by the Huntsman—distanced—Odds in favor of the Lamb
Treasury
Church and King
Glorious Revolution
Radical Reform
Universal Suffrage
This countenance is always the Same let your deeds be ever so Black
Its such Base Metal its only fit to make Halfpence on't
he'll come North about you if you don't mind Mordeca *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Beneath the design is engraved,  OPEN>> A Copper Countenance, Selling by Private Contract, the property of a Noble Lord out of office having no further use for it
Is this your policy to support all our measures, and then forsake us in distress
You have laboured under a partial mistake, Polignac you've depended on a broken Staff
There's no hope— England's forsaken me—she holds the balance
Despair not, Metternich's your advocate, and Europe may yet interfere for the house of Capet
They shout Napoleon the Second, but a vile combination of Kings fetters me
Nature Display'd . . .
Mungo here Mungo dere, Mungo Ev'ry where, above, & below Hah! Vat your Gracy tink of me Now
Les École des Armes Avec Les Attudes *BRACKETED* est Positions Par Angelo *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Two books lie on the ground by the lady, the uppermost being  OPEN>> Vol 5th Mungo Bill
Never fear St Patrick all will be yet very well they are a little restive at first but they will take to it, kindly enough bye and bye - I'll warrant you.
Pon my Conscience I don't know what you call it but the duece of any thing like an Union do I see except their horns being fastened together
Regency Restrictions
OLIGARCHY and NO REFORM
SPAIN
WATERLOO
JUDGMENTS IN EQUITY
PRECEDENTS
THE PROTEST
WE SCAN THE FAULTS OF GREAT MEN BY THE LIGHT OF THEIR PAST GLORY
CLEOPATRA DISSOLVED PEARLS, THESE DISSOLVED THEIR FAME
TRUTH
HISTORY
There was no call for reform in eighteen twenty nine nor in eighteen thirty * * * The King cares nothing about it!!!
For my part, nothing of delicacy ever deters me from speaking any thing
I say the extracts-the extracts that appeared in the Times* prove a breach of confidence, and that the latter must be sent by some members of the ministry
Morning . . . *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . From the front bench Durham turns to glare at Philipotts *BRACKETED* ; next him is Grey. A footnote below the title:  OPEN>> * There never appeared any extracts of the letter in the Times
I`ve lost my place, your grace
Oh! don`t mention it
Wha *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Other peers are indicated; only Cumberland, just behind Wellington, is characterized. Below:  OPEN>> At the conclusion of Lord Wh-rnc-s speech, he was compell`d to sit down next to his grace of W-gt-n, the great duke of B-ng-m having occupied the place where he was previously sitting
Radical
An amusing circumstance rose during Lord Wharncliffe`s speech. . . .
burkes
Die, you egg of Treason;-I have a prettier babe of my own
New Bill
So much for Buckingham! *BRACKETED* from  OPEN>> Philo-Radical
Pass on, you wretch you`r in-toxicated
Le Figaro
Rue St Honore
Napoleon vous à *BRACKETED* mitraillé! Charles vous à aimé! Phillïppe vous empoisonne! Henri vous aime Choisissez
. . . 000 fr
How fascinating his grace appears in his cap and morning gown! what interesting langour in his looks
At Waimer, last year, where the chosen party were assembled, an easterly wind prevailed, and shut out the view of the opposite coast of France. On it`s being remarked, a lady, deserving the Kentish uniform from her light blue qualification, exclaimed,  OPEN>> Oh dear, if any eyes can see France, those of the dear Duke can, let us seek him to ascertain the fact.-Times, April 11
The Devil`s Walk
Devil
From his dreams o`er the reams at the middle of day, / Hiding his tail and each horn, / To see what evil may lie in his way, / The Printer`s Devil is gone
Devil
He saw some princely prelates, who / Were grasping at this world`s dross, / And the Devil smiled when he did view / What they call`d bearing their cross
Devil
He drank No Reform!!! with Lords this and the other, / Hob and nob`d that the soldier`s would fight. / And he lov`d the men that would slay their brother / For a prescriptive wrong they call`d right
Devil
With high-way robbers, at Crockey`s he play`d, / And a smile lurked in his eye /  OPEN>> You call this Hell
my blade, /  OPEN>> You`ll know better bye and bye.
Devil
The Game Acts
He dined with a sporting mittimus man, / And the devil was pleased, for he knew, / For each bird that was eaten, the game-laws ban, / In prison a poacher threw
The Public Press
mittimus man
From Satan Job held his life safe, we learn, / But might suffer in any thing less. / So now as he`s forbid, for a time, to burn, / He puts all these sad rogues in his press
Sun
Sun *BRACKETED* paper
The  OPEN>> Sun
Protestants
Norbury Puns
My Lord Norbury—I am named the Crazy, Reverend, Irish-Orange Baronet! Yet I'II be d—d if all my old friends at St Stephens are not trans-mogrified into a batch of Papists! Our Minority were all drunk; or, we had the start of the Rebels, the Devil burn them all Huzza! Hu-rue! Och!!!
Dear Harcourt, you're a clerical Knight of the Cross—don't run rackelly. If all fails my Brother-in-Law *BRACKETED* is a game shot,—he shall attack the Pope for Contempt; and give the Pontiff, a quietus, at Shooters Hill, or Chalk Farm!! *BRACKETED* hee! hee! Ah! Oh! Ih! A!!!
Is this your Lordships last joke from the Bench?
Donnely . . . cation
. . . ization
Elevation!—Shielization, Association!—Transubstantiation!
Equalization!—Exultation!—Illumination!—Presentation! O'Connellization.
De Cat'lic Claimes again de Globe! Frank Burditt, and fair play, Opposite Owld Noodle;—he's a pine Apple to a Chany Orange Peel!—
Hurra! Hurra!! My darlings! by de powers Owld Ireland for ever!
D—mn—n! Infatuation! Botheration!—Blow up the Nation!!!
Long life to ugly Broom, Brountam, Macintosh, Husky *BRACKETED* and last of all, doe last expected, young Parsival! and de Devil fly away wid de top of de house dat shuts dem out!
Freedom of Elction! Franchise de Blind Quay, de Poddle Pill Lane, and, Ring's-end
353 over 173 all de World over. Huzza!!
You all know that I was a Major in 1798. I am now a Policeman. Where's Jemmy O'Brian my old Crony to read the Riot Act?—I'll read it myself & dispute the rebellious majority *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . *BRACKETED* , Town Major *BRACKETED* of Dublin 1798-1826 when he retired on full pay.) A man in a skull-cap shouts:  OPEN>> The Minority above the Majority, always I say! Erin Go Brah! the—Catilic Mimbers against the field! Shilloo!! Shilloo! Shilloo!!!
353 Com *BRACKETED* A'Boo
Huzza Huzza
Huzza! my Jewel my Darling my Honey for ever!!
Och! take a drap of de Crater—and God bless his Majesty, and George Canning and the Duke, if he deserves it; & d—m—n de Gout!—Och Judy's de darling for me!
George the 4th and the British Constitution for ever Huzza!!
Gentle when stoked *BRACKETED* , fierce when provoked Honi Soit, Qui Maly Pense
G. R. The Protestants and Catholic's at last united!!! Huzza!!
I'm come Post Haste Your Highness to sett you in Motion Oceans of Money Arms & Ammunition are coming & all the German Legion do but drive that capering Fellow Bonaparte from Hanover & I shall be Governor & out of the Din of that Rascall the Whig who is allway *BRACKETED* , bothering me about Sellis & the Devil knows what I'd sooner hear the Roaring of a Thousand cannon than be Baited so.
My dear Prince You are wellcome to Starlsund. I'll accept My friend John Bull's Subsidy with pleasure going to drub Bonaparte directly the weather permits: I'll cut of his Retreat & take him Prisoner, & make You a present of Him to put in the Tower as a Curiosity. Tell your R—y—l Br—th—r to send Cash directly As you know My Lord Duke of Cumb—l—d mony makes the mare to go. I am in earnest Indeed I am & the brave Sweeds all a gog to catch Nap in a Trap but pray send the Money.
When we're tir'd of a War we can patch up a Peace, To handle the Cole's the fun *BRACKETED* .
Aye Aye, the Devil a barrel the better Herring, two pretty Boys together, If Old Nick was to cast his net here, what a nice dish of fish he'd have for Supper.
Frederick of Prussia
The School for Scandal
Lot 1
Careless, Knock down the Farmer
Going for no more than One Crown
Lot 6
Five shillings for that Lot
Lot 2
Lot 3
Lot 5
Tatersal's
Lot 1800
The cloud capt *BRACKETED* The gorgeous *BRACKETED* The solemn Temples Yea the great Globe *BRACKETED* Shall dissolve - And like the baseless fabrick of a vision, Leave not a wreck *BRACKETED* behind.
List of Subscribers to the Sacrifice
£
Immortality
Midsummer Night's Dream
Death of Cardinal Beaufort
Winter's Tale
Macbeth
Hamlet
ΟΥΔΕΙΣ ΑΜΟΥΣΟΣ ΕΙΣΙΤΩ
Mecænas! Leo! Alexander! Psha!
Puff, Puffs, Puffs *BRACKETED* , Morning Herald, World
Ancient Master *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , across which a snail crawls. Within the circle is a pile of portfolios inscribed  OPEN>> Modern Masters
King Lear
Richard III
Henry VI
Romeo & Juliet
Hamlet
Macbeth
Midsummer Nights dream
Who to save from Rustication Crams the Dunce with Declamation
All my faults perchance thou knowest— All my Madness—none can know;— Fare thee well!—thus disunited— Torn from every nearer Tie, Seared in heart—& lone—& blighted— More than this I scarce can die!!!!!!
Beauteous Mrs Mardyn
Come sit on my knee my love I'm afraid you'll fall overboard.
Old Hock
Lord Byron
I say Jack I hopes he's got enough on 'em aboard!
Yes! & may I never take another bit of Shag if they an't fine vessels
Didn't I vote for a repeal of the Shop Tax, what could you expect more
Cajole 'em as you will with your rhetoric, you must carry two faces under a Hood while you and I are acquainted
In the name of St Patrick what do you call him yonder!
Call him - why call him a Candidate with two Heads and two Consciences; the first he exhibits for our amusement here, and the last secures him a pocket full of gold finches from the T-----y
oh by Gar I was on de Pinnicle of my Glory
Commandant
that sweet little Cherub that sits up aloft *BRACKETED* he will shortly come wap on his Back
aha Monr Angloise we was Men Enough *BRACKETED* to take de whole fleet
avast Bougres well teach you to take 2 Merchant ships for a fleet of Men of War again
Nantes
Rehearsal
Pro privato lucro
Truth
Whipcord
Finance
Industry
Goodwill
Anodyne Necklace
Oratorical
Lungs
Place
Pension
Sinecure
Contract
Loan
Title
&c. &c.
Union
Touch-Wood
Love
Honesty
Self-interest
East India Bill
P------ of W-----'s Establishment
Pickings
Vy Jim you've forgot to tie up your leg
Vel I cant think how a man wat does the gemman so vel can like sich a wulgar breakfast
Ah you dont know what hard work the respectable lag is, it requires noureshment Mrs Maggs
Mother!! lend us one of your babies, vill you mother?
Here take it, and dont squall so, bring me tea vith brandy in it I feel very narvical
Hortus Siccus
Mal de Naples sive Morbus Gallicus
Arch-Duke Boluses
Preparation of Lead
Lake's Pills
Esprit de Robespierre
Case of Diabetes
l'ennemi inquietait mes derrieres
Vive la grande Nation
Ordres, les Ordres
Plans de Campagne
Jourdan
French Conquêtes
Regime de Terreur
alo Septembre
Russian Regimen
Hosologie *BRACKETED* Francoise
Catalogue of new French Diseases
Buonaparte
Kleber
Projets Avortès
Ireland, Commune de Pekin, Venise, Department du Mont Caucase, Directoire d'Abissinie *BRACKETED* , Armée du Gauge
Touch not - Tast not - Vile Usurper - away - begone - or else  OPEN>> you'I find
O Diable. Don Bishop vont you give me von little bit *BRACKETED* , pray give me some thing.
Yes you rascal Ill give you something you came here to rob Ferdinand of his  OPEN>> Crown
By St Andero This Will do for King Ferdinand he loves Austurian Cooking. Other dishes being carried off are:  OPEN>> Andalusia Soup
Seville Ora *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Burgos Ragoot
Catalonia Pudding
Madrid Goose
Estramadura Tarts
Biscay
Barcelona Nutt
Leon
Bayone Vinnyger
Minorca Salt
Portuguese Gudgeons
Murcia ham
Plunder for Paris
Dr. Slop
Slop Pail
Why this Bonny-part be making Kings every-day - I should not wonder if thee wast in France, if he made a King of thee John - what wouldst thee do if thee wast a King?
Do -! Why I'd swing on a gate and eat fat Bacon all the day long.
Lord Lennox
Act to Prevent Sabbath Breaking among the Poor
cello, and flute.  OPEN>> Milbank
*BRACKETED* y Observer
Bloody Great News
Bloody News - Great News from General S'warro
Sunday Reformer
The Trial of L. G. *BRACKETED* for Adultry
Volunter
Informer
Sun *BRACKETED* Moniter
Sunday Review
Bloody News
Bells weekly Messenger
Milk
Milk, pretty Maids
New Mackarel
chapeau-bras
I'LL GO TO LAW. How blest was I before I went to Law! I fear'd no Writs I felt no Bailiff's Paw My Life's expence I cou'd with pleasure Pay I then was easy, jocular and gay
Shiver their lances into a thousand pieces, my dear Potemkin! I always vanquish when ridden by you!
Saint George and my old Mistress inspire me! We two have done such feats before now in the tented field that Jove himself has wondered at our godlike prowess!!!
Death and Destruction!
My Spear never failed yet in any engagements! only let me pierce her once and it will be all over with her!
From Russian Bears good Lord deliver me
Blast her tough hide; my broken spear will never enter it by G---d!
A Catalogue Raisonné of the Select Collection of Engravers of an Amateur
Beware of the Report of a Bad House
Defence
her  OPEN>> ridicule
Report
Prise d'Espagne
Napoléon Ier | Empereur des Français | Roi d'Italie | Protecteur de la | Confédération | du Rhin | Médiateur de la Confédération Suisse
Moscou
Ile d'Elbe
Egypte
La Chétive Pécore s'enfle si bien qu'elle creva
"Heav'n grant their Happiness complete, And may they make both Ends to meet; in these hard times
Explication
EXPLICATION. N° I. George Roi d'Angleterre commande en personne l'élite de son Armée Royal-Cruche N° 2. II est conduit par son Ministre Pitt ou Milor Dindon N° 3 qui le tient par le Nez pour mieux lui prouver son attachement. L'avant-Garde de la Royal Armée N° 4. recoit un échec a la parte de la Ville N° 5, qui est occasioné par la colique de quelques Sans-Culottes places au haut de la Porte N° 6. L'avant-Garde dans sa défaite brise les cruches, dont il ne sort que toutes sortes de Bêtes venimeuses N° 7, qui est l'esprit qui les animes *BRACKETED* . Fox ou Milord Oie N° 8 ferme la marche monté sur sa Trompette Angloise et qui témoin de l'échec sonne un rappel en arriere par prudence. Artillerie Angloise nouvelle N° 9 qui a la vertu d'éteindre les incendies et de délaier les fortifications.
*BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . A scene outside Lord Sefton's house, 21 Arlington Street; the door *BRACKETED* and lower windows *BRACKETED* of which form a background for a smart well-sprung cab and its horse. The driver *BRACKETED* , seated beside the hooded passenger's seat, turns a melancholy glance to the picture-plane, saying,  OPEN>> How fortunate I learnt the Trade of a Jarvy—but for it & my Old Cab which I saved from the fire, I should now be just as badly off as the rest of them
Suppose we take a ride out of the old Jarvy & tell him to drive us to the House of Lords
Thats right Old Boy. give it em what they thought you had lost all your Teeth, give it 'em Scott & lot.
Prop
Second Book. Lectures and Examinations for Kings College Students, with the Inaugural Address of the Duke of Wellington
Washing And Mangling Done Here
Pray Remember the Church Beggars
Subscription Bag
But above all, O, bless this Royal College; Make it a Hot-bed of such heavenly knowledge As will suffice to guard the Church from evil, And frustrate Brougham, Bentham, and the Devil
Force
Inquietude
Repentir
Rupture du traité d'Amiens
Premier tour prise du Hanovre
Rupture
Second tour descente
Si le Second reússit e'en est fait de moi.
Je suis fin j'en sortirai toujours, tenons tant que nous pourrons
A Hell-gate Blackguard
A Newgate Scrub
A Cripplegate Monster
Why dang it Johnny Mac-cree *BRACKETED* - that zure-ly-cant be you - why I thought you had entirely left our parts, - What they have let you into a little Job I see, well a little, is better than nothing.
Ye are vera right friend Johnny - I only move the Puppetts at present hut leave me alone a Wee bit - and I shall soon get inside the shew!!
Grand Imperial \\ Puppet Shew \\ By the best Wooden Actors in the World for all Mnd of Work - the greatest part \\ under the direction of the tried abilities of Johnny-Mac-cree, and C° - \\ The Back stairs round the Corner.
During the Fair - will be performed A Peep behind the Curtain
the Doctor
The celebrated Dr Sidmouth from High Germany
God save the King No Jacobins
Now my brave fellows now is the time to make your fortunes and shew your Loyalty, all on a broad Bottom'd *BRACKETED* principle - we dont value candle ends and cheese barings *BRACKETED* not we! - All lives and fortune Soldiers to a Man! We'll make our enemies tremble - we are the boys to Wind 'em, - now is the time my lads the bed of Honor, is a bed of Down.
I dont like a bed of Down I would rather, it was a Bed of Roses however I have a great mind to enter notwithstanding. - there is nothing like having Two Strings to ones Bow!!!
Bed of Roses
What - What my Sarjeant and Drumme *BRACKETED* beating up for Volunteers, thats right, thats right, get as many as you can.
Member for Barkshire
No 1
Select Poems from | Peter Pindar | Don Quixote & | Tristam *BRACKETED* Shandy
Auldborough
Wootton Basset
Leeds
Manchester & Salford, Birmingham & Ashstead
Northumberland & Co. One Million & a half or more to oppose the King!!!
Discord
Turncoat Tar & Feathers
Famine
Civil War
Rotten Boroughs
God save King William
He shall not dye by xxx
Dedicated *BRACKETED* to the Revd Mr Peters
derrières
That Such Things are most strange yet common What Things ? for sure they are not Women
Cut third and last—is the Cut Direct,—and  OPEN>> requires little more than down right impudence,  OPEN>> In this case you must suppose Cuttee to meet you  OPEN>> full front,—Meet his Salute with elevated  OPEN>> eyebrows,—stare him full in the face—& pass on;  OPEN>> as much as to say—Who the Devil are you? One Cut is a  OPEN>> Dose
Royal-Oak
Johnny
John \\ Bull \\ A.B.C. \\ D.E.F
First Discovered, Saturday Morning Octr 8th 1831. But from observations recently taken, it has been ascertained that even the most prominent heads of the VOLCANO are rapidly Declining and according to the course of Nature cannot be kept above water for any length of time—it is therefore generally believed it will all end in SMOKE
John Bull
cit
Bonaparte
The Right Hon. Willm Pitt
My first the fair Emblem of Purity shews, To my second the Miser Security owes, My whole forms a Name which on record will stand A Disgrace  OPEN>> mongst the Heroes of Britains famed land
Satirist
Cocktail Ginger
New Readings
Hit or Miss
Manager & Authors Duties
Crit *BRACKETED* e on the... tion
Original Remarks on Light & Shade
Plan of a New Tragedy
Operas
Poetry for an Oratorio, Lectures Odes lauret *BRACKETED* Verses
Americans
New Musical Pieces
Invectives against the Italian Opera
Shipwreck ...
Oh. Oh
The Saracens Head on Snow-Hill
L'Eteignoir des Alliés
Town and Country Magazine
Histories of the Tête-à-Tête . . .
Thus do I strive with heart and hand To drive Sedition from the Land.
There is nought but a place or a pension that will ease The Strain that I've got in my tendon Achilles
Before thy Arrows Pitt, I fly O D--n that word prolexity
This curs'd eternal Coalition Has brought us to a rare Condition
Justice for the Oppressed and Freedom for Millions!
Destruction
Ich di *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . He grasps Pitt, and kisses his posterior; in his left hand he holds out a paper:  OPEN>> Provision for the Millenium £125,000 pr An
Peace
Motion for a Peace
This I think will strike the Female Villager, the dear smiling rogues will never be able to resist the little Jenny Seequy of my dress and manners.
Nan did'st ever see such a conceited Monkey! old Jack the Baboon is a fool to urn!!
The house will be turned topsy turvy by these Lunneners
A slap at slop
facial line
Two Tickets for the Pantheon
Gloucester Place
Beware of Bad Houses And Naughty Women
Light & Heat Company
All the Talents
Polypus
Magna Charter
Coronation Oath
Army
Finance
Country Dances
Negotiation
Sinecures
Monstrum horrendum, informe, ingens, cui lumen ademptum.
Who was it that brought his Royal Highness into the scrape with his little darling?
Suppose I did so
Look at the disgraceful proceedings & the frail measures persued in regard to Spain and Portugal
don't talk of these failings who planed the Walcheren Expedition?
Your conduct to Denmark & Sweden, rendered Russia hostile to England
You Blockhead, you were the cause of the loss of Prussia
Vide Ld Stanhope's Speech on the State of the Nation
Secret Papers
The Pot calling the Kettle Black A— a serio Comic opera in Four Acts as Performed by his Majesty's Servents— Season 1810—Characters *BRACKETED* —
East India Tactics
Hist of a Chatham Goose
now for de midle hole in de hair.
he'll be in I think.
he stands well
black John is a good one
I know that
so do I
£100000
Accept £200000 from your Friend Orleans
chapeau-bras
La Jeunesse de Philippe Égalité
Charity A Romance
God save the King
Last Dying Speech of Fifty-Four Malefactors executed for robbing a Hen-Roost
From Germany just arrived a large & Royal Asortment
Œconomy an old Song
British Property a Farce
Just publish'd for the Benefit of Posterity: The Dying Groans of Liberty
Ich Starve
Ich dien
Orleans
Dedicated to Monsr Necker
C. J. F & Co. Dealers Rectifiers and Compounders *BRACKETED* of foreign Spirits
Whitbreads intire
The Case is Altered
Pl *BRACKETED* of Reform
Ah! Citizen, how do you do. I've just finisd my plan of Reform, and as you have no plan we can as well be going on with that as doing nothing.
Citizen!!! we-go-on-with your plan!!! I dont understand you Oh!. I suppose you mean what I used to gammon my Custommers with when I lived over the way, but that sort of fun wont do now, we are all different people!
And let them be merry merry there And we'll be merry merry here, For who does know where we may be To be merry another year
Bless the little Innocents!
Equal Participation
Faction
Sedition
Sister, this treach'ry you may have to rue, Beware, you may yourself with me undo.
Proceed ye precious Imps! ye politicians good! Who first cri'd that poor Ireland must have cloaths and food! Now bawl that Britian's ruin'd with as fair a face, To get Ministers out and your dear selves in place.
These sweet Babes by Britannia quite cast out, At length have found a Parent brave and stout. They'll good children prove, she a fond mother, Because, hence they may assist each other
cit
This World is a Fair where the crowd is bent wholly On Gew Gaw and Rattles, noise, nonsense and Folly. Holcroft.
Ev *BRACKETED* nce a *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* he *BRACKETED* en
Righ .. of .. Queen
Liturgy
50,000 pr An
Another Bag *BRACKETED* Will make the Balance firm & steady, And certain other pond'rous stuff Will make the Lady light enough.
I wish to God that I was out Of this infernal mounting Scale, For plainly I percieve a rout, And that the Lady must prevail.
Vipers Go! I can't endure you, You wrong me I assure you, Yet still I spurn the wrong, and view, With calmness all your Bag can do,
"Do thou inspire the stroke  OPEN>> With prevalence divine - as thine the wrong,  OPEN>> Vengeance and punishment to thee belong;  OPEN>> The injur'd state of Innocece *BRACKETED* restore,  OPEN>> Crush the bold insults of aspiring pow'r,  OPEN>> Shine like thy radiant source, and mak the world adore
Michaelmas Day 1829 or the last Watchman—
"But such a poor, bare-forked animal as thou art—Off—off you lendings: come unbutton here vide Shaks—
"Nay, take my life and all, pardon not that: You take my house, when you do take the prop That doth sustain my house; you take my life, When you do take the means whereby I live, vide Shaks.
cit
Oak
My good Friend you see I have brought you Clothing for Ten thousand men Viz Cheese Shoes stockings belts and small Clothes besides Arms and Amunition, and if that wont do Ill bring you Gully and Gregson and the Devil is in it if they wont do!
We thank thee Johnny for all thou hast brought, and if thou cans't bring the other two we shall be more obliged to thee.
Gold
Coats
Shirts
Belts
Stilton Cheese
Cheshire Cheese
Gloucester Cheese
Cambridge Cheese
Yorkshire Cheese
Leistershire Cheese
Cottenham Cheese
Bath Cheese
Wiltshire Cheese
Cream Cheese
Derbyshire Cheese
Stockings
I maintain that Reform is necessary—! I say that the people are starving—and that every Mother's son ought to have his loaf!— The woman, holding up a bundle of matches, answers:  OPEN>> Aye! to be sure! and Vv should not me and mine  OPEN>> ave a Voice in the State? Vhat good of hedecation else?—
Convent of Saint Geo *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The Duke of York, wearing a long gown over uniform, stands with legs astride, holding a crosier; on his head is a mitre in which is a feathered plume. He addresses Princess Charlotte *BRACKETED* , standing between her and a meretricious-looking mother abbess with a transparent lace veil over her head, and a birch-rod tied behind her back. The Duke says:  OPEN>> There's no compulsion my darling only you must.
Needs must when the *BRACKETED* .
See? ther's the Lady Abbess! come pray take the veil.
Salisbury Plain
Come! come Child take the veil & forget your own Mother & then your good papa will love you.
nuns
Warwick House
To Lett
Connaught
Composition of your Debts
Subscriptions to your Pamphlets
Horne's Speeches at Mile End
Wilkes's; Addresses to the
Freeholders of Middlesex
Political Connections
Horne's Letter
-  OPEN>> We come to recover your long lost Liberties.
Description. - One French Soldier putting Hand-cuffs, and another Fetters on the Speaker, whose Mouth is gagged with a Drumstick. The rest of the Members *BRACKETED* , two & two, tied together by the Arms with cords, *BRACKETED* . They are all, dressed in the Uniform of the Convicts of Botany-Bay, to wit, Coats of two Colours, long Breeches *BRACKETED* , no Stockings, & their Heads close shaved; French Guards opposite to the Members, with their Hats on; one of whom carries an Axe, & a Blazon of a Death's Head on his Breast. Two Clerks near him with their Pens in their Ears, hanging their Heads *BRACKETED* . Republicans in the Galleries waving their Hats, in which are triple-colour'd Cockades, & clapping their Hands. An English Blacksmith *BRACKETED* , in his Waistcoat & Cap of Liberty, breaking ye Mace in pieces with a fore Hammer, the Statutes tumbled on the Floor, the Cap of Liberty *BRACKETED* raised high behind the Speaker's Chair, below which is painted in Capital Letters,  OPEN>>  This House adjourned to Botany Bay - sine die.
Journals of the House
Declaration of Rights
Hanover Succession
Claim of Rights
Magna Charta
blazon
In my presence, scoundrel Peasants Shall not call their Souls their own!
horn book
*BRACKETED* cellor of Excheqr
Ways & Means
3000£ pr Annm
bob
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Here Lieth Edd Burke Oeconomist Extraordinary to his Majesty. To Save his breath He welcom'd death.
Here Lieth L------d N-----H. I'm gone to realms below, To find more Cause for woe
Here Lieth C------s F---x, The game I have play'd, I have lost by a Spade, My partner was wrong For he shuffl'd to long
Here Lieth G------l C-----y *BRACKETED* So fickle in his pliant mind He for a Change his life resignd
Here Lieth his Grace the D------e of R-----D
Since he on Earth no good coul'd find, He is at last to death resign'd
Here Lieth G. K-----g. I govern'd all with------decree But now alas; Death governs me
Here Lieth L------d T-----e. Behold him now laid the Grave in Who noughty man -----L-----y C------N
Here Lieth C------s J-----N *BRACKETED* To your advice Me ruin owe; Go then, and council fiends below
Here Lieth L------d K-----
This Gallant Admiral is no more, Behold him Stranded on Death's Lee Shore
Here Lieth G------l E------T. Who could bear Fire so well Cannot feel Pain in hell. To heav'n let him rise, Since he the Devil defies
Here Lieth L------d J. C------H. He woul'd have tax'd our breath Had it not been for death.
Here Lieth His G------e the D------e of P------d, An easy man of keen command, He ruled a State At Second hand
Here Lieth The E------l of S------N. I made my peace on Earth, And why in heav'n Should not I hope to be forgiv'n.
Here Lieth The Honble Wm Pitt. Thou cov'rest Earth Unequall'd Worth
Here Lieth G------r J------N. So fond of Snarling it is own'd, At Death he grinn'd But never Groan'd
Here Lieth R. B. S------N. He had great merit But woul'd you know it Look not for Politicks in a Poet
Here Lieth L------d N------T An old Rat
Here Lieth L------d M------D. Stop says the Judge, while I my Ballance fix, Death kick'd his Breech and Sent him o'er the Styx.
L------d G. G------N. Alas how came I here, For Death was all my fear *BRACKETED* . Here Lieth L------d G. G------N. For religion, Od rot him. The Devil has got him
Here lieth the L------d A------E. The cause of damnation he gaind with such ease, He is gone to the Devil to ask for his fees
Sir T------R-----d *BRACKETED* His peculation has left no more
Here Lieth Sir Cecil W-----y Honesty in him innate is, Then Let him pass; old Charon gratis
Here Lieth L------d L------H. Tir'd of hanging he was grown, Till Death in Pity cut him Down
Underneath Lieth D------d H-----y Esqr A man that all coul'd calculate Except the Sands which told his fate
Below Lieth S---r C------S T------R An honest Man
Nigh this place Lieth S---r G------S------E. Such humourous Satire mark'd his Fame, He made the Culprit smile in Shame
The Æsculapian Calves Head in a Dish. Thus Impudence and Quackery combin'd, Produce a Janus of this Mongrel kind Thus Clumsy, Clownish, Corpulent, & thin, They Join exact like Milton's Death & Sin.
The Winning post
Falsehood
Truth
News for the French People.
Moniteur - Separte *BRACKETED* Peace with the Empero'r;  OPEN>> Journal de Paris - Fabrications Falsehoods
Gazette de France - English Fleet dispers'd
Publicite - The Combined Fleets *BRACKETED* sent in pursuit
Journal de Spectacle - l'Opera - England Invaded
Memorial Anti-Britanique - Kill'd 20-000 Austrians 20 more kill'd them *BRACKETED* . Seven smaller papers are headed  OPEN>> Bulletein *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Behind Napoleon stands a lean Frenchman wearing a bonnet rouge and blowing a newsboy's trumpet from which issues a paper:  OPEN>> Journal de I'Empire - Arche-Duke Charles Dead with fatigue
Vienna
*BRACKETED* ritania rules the Main
Total Defeat of the Combin'd Fleets of France and Spain
Trafalgar London Gazette Extraordinary
All the Worlds a stage. | And men and women, merely players
What shall we do with this bauble?—here take it away
The Majesty of the People
Newgate Calendar
The Critic \\ Morris's Songs or Wit and Obscenity Propper Amuseme *BRACKETED* for a Prince \\ Fiants
GP
Coalition Transport Ct Morris commander
Send off the Long Boat Lord George is Preaching free Will to the Convicts
all these & more came flocking but with Looks down cast & Damp &c
Only Eighteen pence a week to live on, your honour
New Proposals
L'Eclair
peace
French Gentleman just arrived from the continent
armstice
4000
Services done the Public
Plans
2000 Ann
2000
for extended services 20,000
Pensions
Slough of Despond or Quagmire of War
This is a terrible boggy Ground I have got into - but I shall certainly catch it at last it can't be far off now.
cit
Short cut
True Britton
Moniteur
I will have the Cheese, you Brute you—I have a great mind to annihilate you, you great overgrown Monster!!
I tell you what you Vermin! *BRACKETED* —if you wont let me eat my bread and cheese in peace and comfort—I'll blow you away depend upon it.
Malta
Ceylon
Bank Street
N° 11
Cess Office
Gentlemen you need not take the Trouble to come up stairs, as your weekly wage is stopt!! The radicals have laid an Interdict on it, and no one will now pay me annuity money! One, older than the others, says to the man next him: As I am the Principal amongst you let me tell you, that this is the effect of selling Sugar loaves at the Cross. I fear we may bring an old house about our ears!—1661 only gave a living to six of us.
I swear by the Apocrypha that I'll take no composition! Nothing but the needful in full will please me!
I think we resemble a parcel of very salt herrings.
Well done Whitie! you can carry my brethern and me well; you do your duty to admiration. I shall be amongst the middle of the throng to Instruct them!
It is a waefu sight to see Ministers going for their weekly wages like Journeymen.
Brownie
Ma Conscience! Wherever I go I am sure to meet my friends the Beau-Ideal *BRACKETED* & the Christian Instructor.
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
mix knees, elbows, night-caps, &c. into a firm phalanx, to prevent the joltings of the carriage . . .
That is Treason Johnny
The following is the manner in which the King of France passes his time at St Cloud
He has all the Journals read to him
Look on this chariot, and and on this!!
To Arniston
Sir The honor of Company . . . Dinner *BRACKETED* Allan
How happy could I be with either, | Was t'other dear charmer away
The Preparations of two would-be Provosts
I own that nothing like good cheer succeeds: Let him be Mayor whose wine most freely bleeds. Champagne can consecrate the damned'st evil, A hungry Counsellor adores the Devil. Pindar.
Oh! ye wee councilling rogues, Ye promised to mak a bit Mayor o
I ha
in Glasgow College Museum. / found upon the farm of Sadlerhead, in the parish of Lismahago, county of Lanark.
'Twas night
This in a moment kicks us out of doors
And this informs us we may yet sit still.
To sit or not to sit—that is the question— Whether 'tis better at the board to suffer The jeers and scoffs of Bailies and Dependents Or to submit us to our legal Rulers And by resigning, end them.
Chs Mackintosh Esqr's Patent Waterproof Life Preserver
To correspondents.
Munchausen at Walcheren . . . The Dardanelles, Talavera, Cintra, &c &c.... Written by himself. Printed for J. Johnston, No. 101, Cheapside and No. 87 Bishopsgate-street and J. Blacklock Royal Exchange. 1811
Burgess's Sauce
priest
nun
At Twelve, I began to think of a Man, At Thirteen, I Sighed for a Man, At Fourteen I was Violently in Love with a Man, At Fifteen I run away with a Man. But he was a Very Pretty Man - therefore I hope youll Pardon me Sir
Tom Fool the First
they are coming
Make haste John, for if these Bloody minded rogues come, they'll strip the very rind of your back, more money, more money, beside after I've got all your money Til make a Soldier of you, They're a coming John
What are they a coming? then here take all Ive a got left, you had my coat & waistcoat before fore Ise waundly afeard of these sans-Clouts & that there fellow there is allways hallowing to. um.
Oh Dear make hast Feather you see they're coming & we shall be stript Naked.
Make haste Citoyens or by------there will be no money left for us
Petition agt Earl of Errol
they're a coaming
theyre a coming
£100
They're a coming
They're a coming, make hast or we will be all Killed off
Old Rags
one
two
A Treatise on Second Sight plain to the Meanest Capacity.
There Mr Bull, there's Millions, on Millions! Happiness and prosperity for ever! Indemnity for the past, and security for the future
Fox
A
A. Drawings turnd out of R. Academy
Drawing And Etching Taught by W Austen Rodney Place
Most Humbly Dedicated to Sir Saml House &c When Billy proudly struts the Streets A Universal laugh he meet's From Men, while Boys from School Cry out Gadzooks! what Thing is That With such a Head and such a Hat? O Lord! its Fox's Fool.
drawn upon the Spot August 13th 1803
-  OPEN>> Gaudet equis, canibusque.
The Times N° 1
Licensed To Carry Boroughmongers
Anti Reform Bill
Here's our old friend
Drink away and I'll give you a Devilish good TOAST
Home Home Sweet Sweet Home!
America
Spain
France
family Compact
T'will be ours Soon
Dr F--k--n
Sedition
I've cut the bands that have long restraind my Ambition as poor Richard says
Once British Colonys But now to be lett on Fighting Leases
bands
Loyalty
Friendship
I will profit by your inexperiance Mynheers
Chas F--x
L------ N-----th
Director General
Oppression
Taxes
Trade
Wealth
Liberty
Military Force of Gt B------n
G------E H--WE C--T--N, B--G--E &c
Genl W--h--t--n
The Ghost of O Cromwell
Silas D------ne
John ye Painter
A Benares Flea
Ossa
Pelion
Olympus
A Begum Wart
Begums Tears
An Ouzle
finely imagined
poor Ladies they have cried their Eyes out
profil perdu
very like an Ouzle *BRACKETED* .  OPEN>> Polonius
Tuesdays Wednesdays and Thursdays
A loud-crying Woman & a Scold shall be sought out to drive away the Enemies.
Northumberland
I no like de English Valet de Chambre, Have mercy.
I command you'l cleanse him from his Iniquity's.
Massa Boney no like to be got in a Line!!
I wish de Dirty job was over!!
Be gar me no like de Shaving Shop!!!
Have Patience Gentlemen and we'll shave you directly and give you a good Lathering as Old Blucher did!!
Munchausen at Walcheren . . . The Dardanelles, Talavera, Cintra, &c &c.... Written by himself. Printed for J. Johnston, No. 101, Cheapside and No. 87 Bishopsgate-street and J. Blacklock Royal Exchange. 1811
Old Man in the Moon
Neat Chaises and Saddle horses to lett by the Widow Cary
ghastly
Je n'ai rien mangé depuis hier - God-dam! ce coquin il être bien heureux de avoir faim.
Bank Box
K
Oh Yes - Oh Yes - this is to give notice that several silly Women in the Parish of St Giles, St James & St Georges *BRACKETED* , have caus'd much Distress & uneasiness in Family by Keeping bad Houses late hours, & by Shuffling & cutting have Obtain'd divers valuabl Articles - Whoever will bring before me -
Be it known to all men present that Benjamin Block of the Parish of St Catherines, - having a desire to become a member of the ancient Fraternity of Masons, hitherto comply'd with the usual ceremonies - Viz - having his Shirt-flaps cut and marked with divers mysteries, signs, and tangents - it now only remains - to fix on the bandage - and prepare the red hot poker, [for which purposes the proper Officers, are now attending) and the initiation is complete.
Busy Body
Trial By Jury
Is this the reward for all my services I have built Castles in the Air then?
Yes and I am Takeing you to survey them! But you are a bungling Villain and *BRACKETED* me into disgrace, however I'll appoint you Stoker to Vesuvius and thats next to a Sinecure.
Effrontery
Slander
Lies
Perjury
Craft
Eviden *BRACKETED* aga *BRACKETED* Watson
Evidence against Davis
Evidence against Greenaway
Mother Toms List of Lodgers
"To swear he saw three inches thro a door,  OPEN>> As Asiatick evidences swore; Juvl Sats
Cumberland and Sussex, follow our example, shave em close, do'nt miss a Yarn of em, Boys.—We'll cut off every Superfluity, they've been long scudding about with this foreign frippery,—lets have something English a'board now.—
Mercy on me! are you going to strip all the Lace off? t'was for that only I bought my Commission
Why ye Orang Otang here's enough lace on here for to trim out half a dozen Admirals Coats, wi!!— d'ye see.—
Souseing Tub
Come along ye Baboon—here's enough hair to make a score of Pig-tails—we'll soon cut away all this-here rigging, and make ye scud under a bare pole!!—
or A natural *BRACKETED* from the  OPEN>> Scale of Nature
A Flourish of Trumpets! / or / an address to the Public by the Musical Shew Man!!
Made by Logier at his Brass Manufactory— Dublin.
Of all the airs the Wind can blow There's none that puffs like Self & C°
air harmonized by Mr Log
a Companion to the Chiroplast,
Mr Log-Ears Impositions and derangements *BRACKETED* in Music adapted as a Handel for Pupils
Scale of Nature with a flat 7th!
Generators to produce the Scale derived from the Lord knows what
The Scale thus deduced is harmonized with consecutive 5th & 8ths!!
Query—how is the Minor Scale produced on these principles?—
Dedicated to his Countryman The Prince of Humbug *BRACKETED* and all those double flats that are not sharp enough to secure their Notes from being transposed into the pockets of an ignorant Pretender.
Catholic Bill Majority 168
Thus I obscure you, ne'er to shine again.
Poor Old Bags!
Fox against Fox!!! or Political Blossoms of the Right Hon. Charles James Fox . . . To which are added the Speeches of Mr Pitt and Mr Fox ...
Little short of Treason to the Constitution
Lords
Commons
Royal Snuff
Madam I am at a loss what to tell the allied-soveriegns, if they should make bold to ask how and where is my R—l Wife?
I/ advise you my Son, to say as little as convenient, or d—n it; say I am your R—l Wife.
Mc What say you to all this.
The least I say my Lord the better.
Oh! my poor Nose
Gin
Oh dear! she'll lay him on his Back - and if I dare to steer towards her, in a straight Line, she'll sink my Spirits, however raised they may be - so - I'll sheer off
Baltic
Staats Apotheek
Hellebr . . .
Recipe
Guillotine
Phalaris
Menschen lief de
Quint Ess: de Robespierr, Sel de Marat, Recipes en Assignaten *BRACKETED* , Rotten gift *BRACKETED* , Alb: Graec: OPEN>>  On the wall hang a sword and shackles. Text,  OPEN>> Luke
A la Turk
A la Grec.
A la Cité.
A La St James.
A la St Giles.
or Here are Ticks *BRACKETED* Done Brown by Done *BRACKETED* Pedro
Oporto
Don Brown, Baker. Tick here on Good Security
1
Here are ticks can we have bread
What security can you give for Payment
2
Don Pedro's Bonds
That wont do they have been bonde *BRACKETED* d a long time
4
Pugh How hot it is! I wish I was at home still in the Old Buffs instead of the new Browns as Half-Pay is better than no pay at all
3
What funny English Officers how they are Sunburnt
They are not so grace-full as those who were in Portugal under his Grace the Duke of Wellington
Despair
Spencer's Fairy *BRACKETED* Queen
At the Royal...
God Save the King
From every latent foe From the Assassins blow God Save the King Ov'r him thine Arms extend For Britains sake defend, Our Father Prince & Friend, *BRACKETED* .
The Macaroni Scavoir Vivre and Theatrical Magazine
Caricatures
N 101 Strand
Ackermanns Repository of Arts
Chasing your hat *BRACKETED* , through a muddy street - a fresh gust always whisking it away a the moment of seizing it; - when you have at last caught it, deliberately putting it on, with all its sins upon your head, amidst the jeers of the populace
German Sour Crout with French Sauce
French Influence
Russian Booth - . This day will be presented the Comedy of The Double Dealer *BRACKETED* to which will be added a new Burletta called The Bear in Leading Strings - The Music principally French
Danish Booth - The English Fleet *BRACKETED* and The Devil to Pay
Sweedish Booth - Blind Bargain *BRACKETED* and Hob in the Well
Westphalia Booth - Wife and no Wife *BRACKETED* with Jerry Sneak *BRACKETED* in his Glory
Venison
The Best - Booth in the Fair Iohn Bull and Company - The Englishman's Fire Side, and The Wooden Warn of Old England, Principal Characters by Joh Bull, Paddy Bull, Ben Block &c.
cit
Old England for ever the land Boys we live in
Roast Beef gratis this Booth.
Prussian Booth Tis Well tis no Worse *BRACKETED* with the Poor Soldier
American Booth - Much ado about Nothing
The Deserter *BRACKETED* . On the platform stands a fat man, in sailor's trousers, scowling truculently. Next is the  OPEN>> Dutch Booth The Frogs Petition for a King
Holland *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . On the original striped flag of the Stadholder is superimposed a small design of a man holding a sceptre *BRACKETED* .  OPEN>> The Austrian B *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  at the end of the row is almost concealed except for a large flag on which is the Habsburg eagle. Behind the last three rises a tall back-cloth inscribed:  OPEN>> Spanish Booth - Alls Well that ends Well with the Pad-lock
Boneys Imperial Gingerbread Gingerbread Kings and Oueens Wholesale and Retail Now is your time to purchase.
I dont like this King Master Boney
I never change Mynheer after the goods are taken out of the Shop
German Sausage
Hot Prussian Cakes
Political Roundabout
Penny Magazine
Materials for the Penny Cyclopcedia to commence in 1833 & to end the Devil knows when
Entertaining Knowledge here—Trump Trump Trumpery Trump—Just printed and published the Penny Magazine, All works not issued by the Society for the Diffusion of Useful Knowledge are Illegal—Orders now taken for the forthcoming New Penny Cyclopaedia, Trump Trump
Office Of The *BRACKETED* ty for the Diffusion of *BRACKETED* l Knowledge
Monopoly
History
Chemistry
Astronomy
Mathematics
Algebra
Geography
Travels
Botany
The Encyclopedia Britannica & other Waste Paper to be Sold
III Miles to Windsor
To Windsor
The Cock is very troublesome, Charley; shift the basket about. You should have given a shilling with the Bunch of Turnips to the Old Soldier you reliev'd just now; Turnips, Charley, are very insipid without a bit of Mutton -  OPEN>> When the King had giv'n a pail full, and the Sheep came bleating home;  OPEN>> Doll, who knew it would be healthful, Went a walking with young Tom:  OPEN>> Hand in hand, Sir, o'er the land, Sir, As they walked to and fro;  OPEN>> Tom made jolly love to Dolly, But was answer'd no, no, no, no, Tom, no Tom, no! &c
No Tom, no, Tom, no Tom no! Dolly was a wise girl, my love
Vous le jurez ?
Nous le jurons
Oui ! Oui !
Champ de Mai 1816
Dedicated to the Hon'ble; learned & facetious Member for Boro'bridge *BRACKETED* by his old friend & admirer HB
You may say what you please G—y but I tell you that to pitch up many such trusses as this would be no joke
Depend upon it, this exercise is very good for the Constitution
My Eyes! I never did see such truss pitching before
Resolutions
Addresses
The Songsters Multum in Parvo, Or, New Pocket Companion for the Lovers of Harmony: Embracing all the Popular New Songs, Singing at the Theatres Royal, Minor Places of Amusement, &c. Vol. I
cit
. . . uty Bull
The poor little fat man flew up like a dart
My Lodging is on the Cold ground and very hard is my Case But that which grieves me most is the Loosing of my Place.
As I have not the least hope of his Recovery Let him be remov'd among the Incurables - M------o
Dazzled with hope He could not see the Cheat Of aiming with impatience to be great - With wild Ambition in his heart we find Farewell content and quiet of his mind For Glittering Clouds he left the solid Shore And wonted happiness returns no more
Hard Cheese
wanted a number of able Bodied young Men for the Suffolk Fencibles &c enquire at the Sign of the Hard Cheese.
Stablin *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; from a window the *BRACKETED* landlord looks out complacently. In front of the inn is a long line of saddle-horses with a notice:  OPEN>> Saddles to let
To Honor we call you not press you like slaves
And now the folks begin to chat, How the owners they did this, and that, But very few did sorrow show, That the Albion Mills were burnt so low
Come my Britons here's your real Malt and Hops
I loves the real thing my tulips
No poisonous drugs here, my boys, it's all real stuff
Arthur & C Dealer in Swipes
New Beer Act commencing Oct. 10, 1830
Genuine Beer from Malt and Hops only
Kings Head
The Druggists Arms
To Let enquir of the Brewers
400 l Fine
They'll soon shut up all the houses by opening the trade
Timothy Mix'em Dealer in Compounds
I am Mayor & my will is law
straw in her hair puts one foot on the back of a lean man with horns on his forehead, who is on his hands and knees at her feet, in profile to the left. He holds a mace; a label issuing from his mouth forms a support to the escutcheon:  OPEN>> P--rk--r made me a Cuckold. F--k--n my Sergeant usurps my power. From horns, a Sullen wife & Mayor tremendous Angels & Ministers of grace defend us
B--g--ne
I wish to eat the Child I am pregnant with sooner than B--g--ne should be elected member for P --st--n
See Gods Judgment in me through my Mothers rash wish
You do it very easy my love!!! is dis de first time you dance dis Valtz.
First time  OPEN>> pon honour but 'tis a delightful dance and I Knew we should soon get into it *BRACKETED* .
D—d hard lines that I can't get a partner.
'Tis hard indeed! but I dare say you'll soon get one now—I unfortunately engaged a partner in the early part of the Evening but I found she had been dancing before! & so I did'nt much like her, soon let her see it—and after she had sat here some time, left the room—So far I got rid of her!, but you know there is a certain Etiquette which one can't very well do away with—so you see it has spoild my Waltzing:—
Not altogather your Dancing tho' I Fancy.
Bishop
Play Paddy Carey *BRACKETED* & be d—d to you ye bandy legg'd rascals!
Duke of Yorks March
List of Discarded Clarke's *BRACKETED* in the Comm . . . Department Signed J Richmond.
And Johnny Bull who pays for all will pay I do not doubt it Fal lal de riddle diddle *BRACKETED* .
Bow woo! woo Bow woo woo.
I'll be d—d if I dance with you any longer.
a Kentish Hop
This is rather late in the Evening to begin Waltzing my little dears but better late than never—so make yourselves merry—as to Master Earnest he may Waltz to his P Salm grinding tune out of doors but he shant bring his partner to dance in my room.
a Royal Salute on the 7th of April 1818—
warming the Nuptial Bed!!
Dowery
10 000
Plan for the Erection of a Country Ball room in the County of Cambridge the Whole to be conducted under the direction of His R. H—ss NB The premises to be entred in upon immediatly.
Elizabeth—a favourite Waltze of The Prince Hombug
Not an Order can be Admitted.
upon the usual terms
Theatre Royal Covent Garden On . . . 1820—Admit Twelve to the Pit W Brandon
cit
Britons strike home
in chancery
The Scheldt
Blow 'em along Johnny
Flushing
Antwerp
Dutch Cheese
Guineas
Aero Statick Diligence to Ostend in a few hours
Gratitude
Stokwell Wonder
Narrative of the Astonishing Transactions at Stockwell
Cock Lane Ghost
English Credulity, or the Invisible Ghost
Johnson
Trial of Elizabeth Canning
Rabbit Woman
Boreas will give thee a Breese
My dear Chevelere thou art a man after mine own heart
Twos ever our superior cause A Trial by our native laws. Then let us if we must be bit Be still the dupes of British wit
The Treasury
Old
New
Good bye Gentlemen, I hope you have not hurt Yourselves.
A Sly Fellow - just as I thought We had reach'd the last step
<<CLOSE - -----Best scene of all,  OPEN>> With which I close this reverend description,  OPEN>> Is your Welch Parson, with his noble living,  OPEN>> Sans shoes, Sans hose, sans breeches, sans every thing
Oh do but look how black his Arse is!
TO BROOKS'S
To be Lett- either as a Gibbet or Direction Post
Oh
Hush Gub dont be alarmed the Old Boy is only come for some more Burgundy
most noble youth, I am thy Uncles Ghost, Doom'd for a certain time to walk at night, and win the Fates; shake off the Traitorous Crew that lurk around thy Table; expose thier treacherous schemes, inform the ruling powers what plots and treasons deep they meditae *BRACKETED* against the State; and thus by one bold patriotic deed restore Brittania's darling Son; then shall the sentence be revers'd and------shall live again
Outs
------the right heel assiduously aside Provokes the Caper, which he seems to hide.
Sung with Unbounded Applause by Mr Miller, at the royal Circus
the world around
I've run many risks on ocean and on shore, But always like a Briton, got the day, And fighting in old England's cause, will run as many more But let me face ten thousand foes, will never run away
Petition against . . . signed by 40. 000
Stay! and hear me!!!...... *BRACKETED* !!!
Oh! Heavens Arthur we're undone!!!
Assent to the Bill GR 1829
Magna Chr . . .
Up with them all Bob leave none behind to betray us.
Who the Devil would have thought of seeing you.
Rights of the people
extracted from the Portfolio of an ingenious young Artist, attached to the Institut National at Cairo, which was found on board a Tartane intercepted on its Voyage to Marseilles------The Situations in which the Artist occasionally represents his Countrymen are a sufficient proof of an Impartiality and Fidelity, which cannot be too much commended; - indeed, we must suspect that his view of the flagitious absurdities of his Countrymen in Egypt, is nearly similar to ours, and that he took this method of pourtraying them, under the seal of confidence to his Correspondent at Paris.
Two ladies in the Dublin fish-market, were one day disputing  OPEN>> Katty
King's Theatre— Articles of Agreement
Ah you think it a fine thing to be a Manager—but it is no Sinecure I assure you—devilish hard job to keep the Company to gather *BRACKETED* —to be sure I have got a capital Fag
Saddle my horse you rascal! Rabbit it I'll be too late for the hunt! Where are all your bandages, you rapscallions? I'll not stop to stick another this morning, by G--d!
I say, Doctor, Roger Cartwheel here is going to swound.
God dang it, I find my eyes woundidly queer!
Doctor, for God's sake put on the bandage! Oh lord I shall bleed to death.
Recommended to the Phlebotomists of the London Hospitals
We be three poor Patriots / And can't get into place.
Well cockey Grey! John Bull can't say / We fill one with disgrace.
Or yet that we like some we see / Meet, friends with a New Face.
Catholic Emancipation
trial
Laird Woolsack
Laird Laudable
Amor Patriœ
Dedicated to all the Royal Family & particularly to the Princes. The love of ones native Country & Countrymen should be the Strongest feature in a true Born Briton
Reform
All The Worlds A Stage &c S-
At Homes
Mum
why Jeffy Your Great Toe wont go in
bant You could Scarcely get your Nose in by God
A little Tightish or so about the Arms.
why Hubby they are but just big Enough for a Strengthening Plaister.
now dont Gamon us
Come my little Dear I'll Set you five Shillings against your Smock
You are too Arch Ma'am, I dont Understand you I'm afraid my things will be Stretcht till they Burst.
give me your hand Pat, forget and forgive is a good old Motto
Bless your heart! I'm one of the best fellows breathing! - but you frighten'd one so with your great Fur Cap and Whiskers. By St Patrick I did not know what you'd be at.
Scourge
Hastings Diamond
German Sausage
Sauer Kraut
Strasburgh
Strasbu *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  snuff. Little grotesque demons run forward, three on the left, with boxes on their heads, inscribed respectively  OPEN>> Real Strasburg
Princes Mixture
Irish Blaguard
Royal Strasburgh
1000
. . . 00
Pride Corruption
Malice Hatered
Am I not the Q—n. I will not lose one jot of my prerogative—More Strasburgh there—lay before me the Reports—
Secret Inquiry
May it please your — The precious Ore resists every Chemical attempt at deterioration— so the Virtue of injured Woman repels the touch of Slander & rises superior to its malevolence. I take Shame to myself at discomfiture—but the Princess is declared  OPEN>> Innocen *BRACKETED* !
By Hell I thought to shame the Rogues but the d—d Brewer *BRACKETED* was to much for me.
Medical monthly Report
May it please your M—g—ty the Reports of the Physicians is admirably confused & equivocating & well calculated to meet the public eye!
Ich Dein
Curacoa
Catholic Claims
Be easy Pat or you will disturb the Royal Conscience which is now dozeing in quiet comfortable slumbers.
By St Patrick but so long as your Lordship is its Keeper there is no danger of disturbing it.
Mercy on me what have we hear, Conscience asleep! on the one hand & the Manufacture of Reports on the other— Is this the way I am bubbled?!
Come look a head
Bound apprentice to a waterman I larnt a bit to row
Brouges
Butter Milk
Sprig of Shillelah
Potatoes
Turf
Och sure Fve Kill'it him now
Trial of------for Murder
Zounds I'm wouded *BRACKETED* in my Honor take me Home
take me Home
Gun powder
Ball's Slugs
Congreeves Rockets
No stamp
Thats your Sort *BRACKETED* speedy & soon—Speedy and soon *BRACKETED* forced meat Balls for ever I says
Billy's Provision Basket for fear of Accidents &c—Bill of Fare Turtle Soup—Venison &—.
Port
Force Meat Ball
Old Bags
Chart of India and Deccan
the patriot
The Patriot's eye in a fine phrensy rolling, Doth glance from Heaven to Hell, from Hell to Heaven! And as imagination bodies forth the forms of things unknown The Patriot's pen turns them to shapes, and gives To airy nothing a local habitation and a name.
Britannia triumphant
Tyranny punished
I was come from Yarmony to love you dearly, and was take you to Yarmony to love me.
Lord what a Porpoise Pho!!!
Oh Lord oh lord my Neck will break. I can't carry it any farther.
Egad they did well to order a piece to be cut out of the Table, or he never could have reached his Dinner, and how he will reach her, God only knows. I suppose he has some German Method a rare Ram this to mend the Breed
A Patriotic Ballad - Written by Captn Morris - Composed by Mr J. Dale - And sung by Mr Dignum
Ne'er in the pinch of Britain's fate, Shall statesmen's rival feuds be known: Or faction strive, with thwarting hate, To break the British bulwark down; No - round the altar of our land, Link'd in one soul, the British band, Shall firm in sacred UNION stand, And GEORGE and ENGLAND save
Town Talk
East
West
North
South
Inglis Commander
The Directors of Leadenhall Street
Oh these cursed Buckinghamshire breezes will sink us, and there be at least 20,000 souls lost.
Adventure of Bristol
Britainia of Plymouth
Happy Return of Liverpool
Swiftsure of Leith
Mercury of Glasgow
for Madras
for Calcutta
for Bengal
for China
Twenty of these bales I have had lying here these six months waiting for permission, freight, and one thing or another untill they were nearly spoiled
Aye! Aye! we have long groan'd under this d—d Monopoly
by *BRACKETED* thank God it looks in a dying state
I wouldnt throw out a cable to save her—the timbers in her would have been enough for a hundred moderate merchantmen
I believe so, & the pitch & tar & copper & rigging of her have cost the Nation a mint of money let the usurers deny it if they will
Well if these tight little vessels can but get out one may venture at a bit of speculation now an then
Shiver my topsails—but if that damnable twenty decker was once fairly stowed in Davys Locker, we should have plenty of freight
Free Trade for ever! and No Monopolies; Da—me but I should like to see these Injies as they call um
and we can direct ourselves to market without any Directors
Grammar
Orthography
A Faithful account of the Grand Expedition by an Eye Witness
The Three Ks King Kox & Kurtis *BRACKETED* A Speedy Peace & soon
Plenipotentiary
chapeau-bras
When he came to the Court, oh! what giggle and sport,
Happy & Glorious!
God save the queen
Long to rain over us!
Father Mathews
Spanish priner *BRACKETED* on board the Hulk to .. Exhanged *BRACKETED* for French .... Article 4 ... Imovable Property .... Sold. A 5 .... Conveyed to France English Ship *BRACKETED* .
May it please your Highness to accept these terms as a Convention & should any of them seem to you Ungracefull, dictate, according to your Noble Will: - & you shall be conveyed home *BRACKETED* in a Bed of Cotton.
Leave them, I shall order Kellerman to look them over.
1000 Milrays
10,000
20,000
Private Property
Gift from Napoleon Estates Title Deeds
Scourge
Dis is de first fruit of mine German graft on de English Stock, we shall have de Crops I'll undertake Tol de rol lol lol.
See! My Lords a bouncing boy—all square & above board not a trick throughout the business— a fine bouncing boy you see!!!
A fine boy indeed your Highness. Oh dear!
Oh My Wig.
Bless his little highness he is giving us a proof of it.
It is a long time since I tasted Caudle but I ought to be a good Judge of it. Let me put in some English Brandy, we must encourage British Manufactories!
Well Aunt I hope I shall have the pleasure of waiting on you soon.
Aye, Aye Dance away I shall have to pay the piper! I suppose there will be a dozen or thirteen in time, at 6000 a year each—Zounds what a New prospect!!!
House of Brunswick
-  OPEN>> Whilst, snug in our Club-room, we jovially  OPEN>> twine - The myrtle of Wetius with Bacchus's Wine
Satirist
Hopes of the Party Obiit 22d July 1812
The Mou^rning Chronicle
Wellington / Salamanca Almieda / Vimiera *BRACKETED* / Ciudad Rodrigo / Badajoz / Talavera / . . . rossa *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . This is against a post *BRACKETED* , and is topped by a Union flag flying above a French tricolour and a laurel wreath, from which an arm points downwards to the  OPEN>> Mourning Chronicle
Indeed Sir Francis you must light or they will destroy every thing.
Curse them!!! if it must be so illuminate with a dozen dark lanthorns.
Glory of Ireland / Wellington / Victory /
Salamanca
M. W. / V.
The immortal Wellington and his brave fellows in arms
cit
Come Gemmen I'll give you.
Hurroojoy!!! may the blessing of Saint Patrick and the sweet little Island of Saints for ever attend . . .
Cot of his infinite mercy look you for ever shower down his plessings and preservations upon . . .
Weel said Johnnie! and may the deel tak the hinmost when drinking everlasting glory an
Morbleu! comme il a mal au Cæur - notre pauvre General.
More blue? Why ye lubber what do ye mean by that? Dont ye see its as yellow as gold
To the part affected
Evil to them that evil think
A Recipe
For its sense of integrity, honour, and reason, And utter abhorrence of  OPEN>> positive treason
you know you promised me 100 Thousand.
By Got it ish pure fine Goild only you cannot shee the Mark ish it not Mosses
pon my honor as I am an honest man
Look a little closher if you pleash.
Brither, wee'l yee len
Ah What Monsieur Jack Bull you going to starve me!!!
Beef Mutton Veal *BRACKETED* 002, loaf 005, Plenty
who would have thought it!
Pd: Beef 1s, Mutton 10 1/2, Veal 1 *BRACKETED* , Butter 1. 6, loaf 1. 9 Potatoes 3d
A French man in 1788
Politeness
Vous etes une Bete
John Bull in 1788
you be d------d
curly and juvenile
Vol I—Cunningham's Works | How feeble the transport when passion is gone How pall'd when the honey moon's over When Kissing & Cooing and toying are done Tis
P.P.
How do you do
I say Messmate. - you seem to know more about Ploughing a field, than Ploughing the Ocean
I was Planet struck - certainly!
Let him alone Jack, he can't see Clear
Reduce the Navy! come that's a pretty Rig! however.
I am quite Shock'd - we never went so far as that, did we?
No never - never
Never
oh Dear! never, never!
Pub June 1, 1797 by W Richardson York House 31 Strand
He *BRACKETED* Nursery
My dear Coney you are my life, my soul, my only Joy if business did not call me from hence—I would never leave you, what with my Wife and the Cabinet together I have no peace except in your dear arms.
Really my love you give way to fear take another glass—you have nothing to dread, we shall soon dispose of that vile woman—in my arms you are safe, continue with me at the Nursery, and we will soon form a new Cabinet if it is necessary.
I have got into snug quarters, Lady C— knows how to manage him—he is welcome to occupy my premises as long as he pleases
Written by John Taylor, Esquire, Author of Monsieur Tonson, and originally intended for recitation at the Haymarket Theatre, during the Lent season.
Hayman
Hayman Esq
The Humourist
£150000 Pr Annm
The Art of getting Pretty Children
Port
Velno
"A Thousand Virtues seem to lackey her, Driving far off each thing of Sin & Guilt.
Hanger
Age of Reason
five-hundred a year
Age of Reason
Principles of Nature
Modern Belles. Dedicated to all the Beaux. By the Author of the Greeks, . . . *BRACKETED* Sixth Edition . . . London Printed for J. J. Stockdale, No. 41, Pall-Mall
Scourge
A. Kean Manoeuvre to  OPEN>> Pay Old Debts
cit
Oh dear Oh dear! You do make such Ugly faces, you frighten me out of my wits!! My very hair stands on end.
200
300
There's my Bill
Heres mine, & mine.
This is a golden Ray.
Biscuit & Gingerbread or the Rival Bakers—
Shire Lane
I tells you what you knows nothing atall about it.
Allpress & Co.
The Best Bread at Nine Pence a Loaf
Mrs Wright doing Wrong - !!!!!!
Far far from me my lover flies / a faithless lover he / In vain my Tears in vain my Sighs / No longer true to me / He seeks another.
Togather let us range the Feilds *BRACKETED* .
The tuneful birds invite to rove / To softer joys let splendor yeild / O listen to the voice of Love *BRACKETED* .
I'm afraid I shall make but a Bad Bargins of dish.
Parson B- & the Butchers, or a Probationary Sermon at Christ Church Newgate St.
In the Xth Chapter of the Acts at the 13th verse you will find these words—Rise up, Peter, Kill and Eat.
Fanny Hill
Blairs Sermon
Ovids Art of Love
Capt Morris's Hymns
Cuckolds Chronicle
The Cat & Salutation Sing Song Society Newgate Market held every Wednesdy Perpetual Chairman The Honble Agustus *BRACKETED* Barry DD Admission one Penny—pipes one halfpenny— *BRACKETED* Treasr Jak Cleaver.
A Peep into the Punch room at the Pavilion, or the Gouty Adonis!
Punch cures the Gout &c *BRACKETED* .
By my Imperial Dignity III thrash you if you do not fight!!!
And by my blue jacket and trousers I,ll drub you if you do!!!
Rambler's Magazine
What a delicious hand! as I am an honest Man and a good Christian I declare it is the softest I have Kiss'd these Twenty Years -  OPEN>> this sure is bliss if bliss on Earth there be.
At length I am arrived to the highest pitch of my Ambition - what I have long look'd for is come at last.
This is one of the finest incidents I ever met with, so much situation & Stage effect - it would make one of the finest Comedies ever written, & such a set of fine Actors. I hope it will be my turn next, oh! how I long to kiss that dear Hand.
Narcotic
Throw Physic to the dogs I'll have none of it
I declare these Gentlemen seem so eagar they won't leave the tip of his little finger for me!
Pizarro
Plate 7th I did not look behind me, till I got to St Omer's—& thence fled to America:—here I offer'd to become a Spy for the English-Government, which was scornfully rejected:— I then turned to Plunder & Libel the Yankees, for which I was Fined 5000 Dollars & kicked out of the Country!—I came back to England *BRACKETED* —& set up *BRACKETED* the Crown & Mitre to establish my Loyalty! —accepted from the Doctor *BRACKETED* £4000 to print & disperse a pamplet *BRACKETED* against  OPEN>> the Hell fire yell of Reform
Damnation to the House of Brunswick
True Napoleone Spirits
Botley Ale
Huzza! Huzza
Botley Grog
Basque Roads— Court Martial
Botley Ale
Plan for a new Convention
French Brandy
Huzza
Huzza!—Huzza!
Huzza!
Botley Ale
Charges against the Duke of York
Reform
Mrs Clarke
Whitbread's Small Beer
Napolean Wine
Napoleone Le Grand
Cordon d'Honor
Despard
Robespiere
French
Coitaris
Diables
And has our Willie come again? Our guardian Willie come again? Fatch the haggis Jennie dear, To feast our bonnie Willie here
Last Dying Speech
Gamester
* Whereas certain matter of fact People, having accused HB. of giving rather a fanciful version of the above incident. Founded upon an incident which took place at Bath, namely a mob mistaking a roman Catholic for a Protestant Bishop He the said HB anxious to re-establish his reputation for a love of unadorned truth with the respectable Persons aforesaid has after due deliberation put forth a second Sketch upon the same subject in which he hopes the  OPEN>> inadvertent
You are mistaken good people. I am the Reform Bishop, not the Protestant Bishop
Reform & no Tithes.
Down with the Fire Shovel Hat.
The Bill the whole Bill & nothing but the Bill
Pull him out
Down with the Bishops
Sit fast, Way! hey! hip!
All right George
Bath Royal Mail with the Royal Arms
Mouth of Tartarus
When you have done with the Reptiles let me have them
Ah! Ah! my Lads, I have ye fast; | What think ye of the Crisis past
Here we see the Spirits of the Times
Emancipation
Irish Tools
Cuckoo's Nest
Which way the Wind blow's, there my head goes, If it only be Ministerial,—But I think the Old Lady's Man *BRACKETED* will upset us if we don't mind.—  OPEN>> O'Connell answers:  OPEN>> Never mind Old Leather Breeches you do very right not to throw away a chance of Promotion. The Old Cow here has grown Rusty on the Pivot and can't turn.
It's a strong wind this, but it shall not turn me! it shall blow me down first! the Breeze from Falmouth harbour keeps me up a little.
My Constitution has met with many a Breeze before—but never such a blow
I'll soon put out That Light
Cuckoo, Cuckoo
The Busy Body
P . . . Rates
Parish Rates
Parish Acts
Sermons
Psalms
Hymns
Devotion
Testament
Bible
Falklands Islands
Thus we would buy your Friendship; and treat you with gentle loving kindness. Shakespeare
Hunt's Radical *BRACKETED* Blacking
a noble lord
5
6
40 Gs Pr An
70 Pr An
saintly cant
A Statement of Facts relating to the Expulsion of Mr. Jacob from the Organ of the Surrey Chapel…
Tales of my Landlord
*BRACKETED* Lothian
Crusader
Ivanhoe
Guy Mannering
Redgauntlet
Rob Roy
Kenilworth
Waverley
St Ronans Well
Mr *BRACKETED* Gran *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; Prentice Essay *BRACKETED* ;  OPEN>> Nigel
11
12
You never ketches me aboard a Steam boat no more - that ere birth's almost been the death on me. -  OPEN>> . See No. 15051. PICTORIAL DICTIONARY. | AD *BRACKETED* . *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* The first of six designs in two columns:  OPEN>> Advantage | Superiority gained by stratagem
N° 1
Lord Nelson
Victory
N° 2
So they are going to pull down Carlton House. What can that be for?
Hout man! they're wanting stanes for the new hoose, and havena
John Nash
Theatre Royal - Know your own Mind
A little bird sang from a Spray \\ He that will not when he may | When he will - he shall have Nay
Sermons of John Russel, Minister of Muthil
Horns
Pray Sir lay your Right Hand on this Book, and attend to the Oath - You swear by the Rules of Sound Judgment, that you will not eat Brown Bread when you can have White except you like the Brown better, that you will not Drink small Beer, when you can get strong except . . . *BRACKETED* - But you will kiss the Maid in preference to the Mistress, if you like the Maid better - So help you, Billy Bodkin. Turn round & fulfill your Oath
Your organ of Wit is so small that I cannot feel it. On that account if I may advise; I would recommend that you do not in future attempt it in your writings, nor allow any person else *BRACKETED* to add it; because you are no judge of it: and it is dangerous to meddle with
Judging from the smallness of your organ of Cautiousness, I should think, your organ of Combativeness, would lead you into frequent quarrels which you will afterwards repent of
Developement of Anglicanus—Amativeness, large. Philoprogenitiveness, small *BRACKETED* . Combativeness, extremely small. Destructiveness, very large. Constructiveness, moderate. Acquisitiveness, Very large. Secretiveness, Tremendous. Self-esteem, immense. Love of appreciation, very large. Cautiousness, moderate. Benevolence, Very Very Small. Veneration, imperceptible. Hope, excessively large. Ideality, full, Conscientiousness, a hollow Firmness, a plane. Colouring, Very large. Not taken in the limited sense, as applied only to the fine arts. Time, small. Number, large. Tune moderate Language, moderate Comparison, small Causality, very small Wit, excessively small Imitation, large. NB. He was brought up in the family of a back biter. Wonder, prodigious
Developement of Christian Instructor—Amativeness, moderate. Philoprogenitiveness, large, Adhesiveness, large. Combativeness, very large. Destructiveness, full. Constructiveness, very large. Acquisitiveness, full, Secretiveness, small. Self esteem, large. Love of approbation, large. Cautiousness, small. Benevolence, moderate. Veneration, full. Hope, moderate. Ideality, large. Conscientiousness, rather large. Firmness, extremely large. Order, full. Number, large. Tune, very large. Language, Do. Comparison, full. Causality, large. Wit, Very large. Imitation small
My conscience! Could oney Phrenologist, have supposed that twa Craniums, sae very different, wad hae chosen the same profession. This is certainly an anomaly in their Science
Le Moniteur . . . 1813
Defeat
/ in the / First Chapter of the Second Book / of / The Restoration of Kings
Son of St Louis, ascend to Heaven
Proclamation
State Papers
Restrictions on the Press
Contributions for the Allies
thats your sort my Lads *BRACKETED* Louis for ever theres some coppers for you.
veve *BRACKETED* les Bourbons
Vive Louis 18th
vive Louis *BRACKETED* .
above all, miss me not.
Vive l'Empreuer *BRACKETED* .
It is not the wish of the Allies to interfere with the internal government of France
XIX.C. Genesis
2d Plate.—as I shot up into a hobble-dehoy, I took to driving the Plow for the benefit of mankind, which was always my prime object;—hearing that the Church-Wardens were after me, I determined to become a Hero, and secretly quitting my agricultural pursuits, and Suky Stubbs,—Voluntered as a Private-Soldier, into the 51st Regiment, commanded by that tried Patriot and *BRACKETED* Martyre Lord Edwd Fitzgerald,—and embarked for the Plantations.— Vide—my own Memoires. in the Political Register for 1809.
East-Indies
Bengal
Secret Intelligence
Plan of Operations in the Eas *BRACKETED* Indies
Begar Monsieur Jean Bull again! Vat - you know I was come here!
To be sure I did - for all your Humbug deceptions I smoked your intentions and have brought my Oak Twig with me, so now you may go back again.
France
The Tight Little Island
10,000
To Windsor
Freedom of Election
poor Dingy
Consuetudo et Lex Parliamenti
Tropes Figures and a long Speech
Speech all Point
Lex Parliamenti
Long Speech
Point de tout
"Equal representation and Annual Parliaments
"universal suffrage, and Vote by Ballot
*BRACKETED* , Hume, more serious, responds  OPEN>> Bravo!
"Cheap Government
The following pleasant couplets were written in a tilted Waggon, between Hambledon and Bishops Waltham, Hampshire; by Signor Jiggorini, Knight of the Three Perriwigs and Poet-Laureat to the Hambledon Waggon
If ever our smiles were your delight; if ever the blessings of Liberty were an englishman's pride support a cause on which Our happiness & your own security equally depend. Remember you are now called forth to defend the cause of Love & Liberty Assert your rights Defend ours! Fox and Liberty The Women of Westminster
All the valuable goods and effects of a Scavoir - Vivre Bankrupt consisting of a collection of very scarce Books, *BRACKETED* containing the most approved list of Cosmetics, Paints, washes, &c, &c.,for beautifying the Skin: together with an unique set of Antiques after the present mode and an excessive fine Statue of a Venus taken from Himself, when abroad; with a number of suits of Cloaths, Hats, &c, &c, &c, all au dernier goût & very fit for any one who has an intention of entering on the Business, together with the right of Patronage to the best Productions of the Age, from a late resolution of that Society. NB.: the Subscription unpaid - Likewise to be sold a Quantity of Articles in Mrs. Phillip's way, not the least worse for Wear.
O bear me to the Paths of fair Pall Mall Safe are thy Pavements, grateful is thy Smell.  OPEN>> At distance, rolls along the gilded Coach, Nor sturdy Carmen on thy Walks encroach.
*BRACKETED* Dont you think it's a pretty, political touch - To keep shooting your gold in the damms of the Dutch! Sending troops to be swamp'd, where they can't draw their breath? And buying a load of fresh taxes with death ? *BRACKETED* Then, your friends, who've been sucking the sap of your skull Now choose to be fed on your fat, Master Bull! Oh! your whisker-mouth'd Prussian's a Hell of a Bite And your Eagle of Austria's a damnable kite. *BRACKETED* Yes; Laurels you have, John, to tickle your ear - For you've conquer'd a Corsican mountain, I hear; And the Carribee Laurels - Oh fortunate lot! You've reap'd, and a fine yellow harvest you've got. *BRACKETED* Too long, John, I've told you, the helm would break down, With this foul-going Pilot, that steers for the Crown, But, I've done; for, now, ruin hangs over the elf; So good luck to your King - and long life to yourself
Slice of Johnny
Chancery Dripping Pan
Let us out.
I do rule the roast—and certainly can get a sop in the pan when ever I please—but my Spouse is a sad plague to me
Ode *BRACKETED* . . ., by Peregrine Pindar
Bible
Tillotson
Common Prayer
My Own Memoirs
Puffs & Lies for my Book
J L
Small Profits do great Things
The first 40 years of the Life of I L
Temple of the Muses
5000 Pr Ct cheaper than any Bookseller in the World
What, What, What, not like to go out? - shall go!! shall go!! been here long enough, heard a report, decietfull servant, go! go! go!
Ah geude your M------ ha mercy do-na kick so hard. - I'll ge bock the siller an you'll tak me in again.
I confess, and I am asham'd to confess it, that I did advise this step of kicking out my Honest worthy old friend Harry, but not without a bitter pang, which has given me the gripes of compassion and the belly ach of pity - no more shall we Pyllades and Orestes like set side by side - no more shall vie the Port and Sherry Swig *BRACKETED* - my hope is gone, my joys are fled. - Harry farewell, now Billy is Wretch indeed.
The Target
Famine
COURAGE BOYS! If you Gentn Soldiers should die & be damn'd Your Wives & yr Infants may live and be cramm'd. Vid. subscript
Death or Liberty
the lowest trades
WH 1775
England shall exalt her Glories From her present patriot tories See what vast Subscriptions fly To make the unwilling Soldier die
Exposed to the Horrors of War, Pestilence and Famine, for a Farthing an Hour
3 Shillings a Day, 2 Shillings a Day, 1 Shilling a Day
Yankees. Fire and Water. Sword and Famine
This Sketch displays the Hardship a Soldier and his Family endure on the bare Subsistance of Six-pence a Day, while the lowest Trades earn sufficient to enjoy the Comforts of Life
Diversions of Purley
Rifle Men!
A Party of the Jazy Club - drawing a Cannon loaded with Norfolk-Dumplins!!
Law
Rambler's Magazine
His pocket is empty, but I have found a Handful in yours
What signifies £60,000 to a Man of your fortune?
You have half ruined me to serve that Fellow
Holy Bible
et Tu Brute
the Scotch St George
Who goes there?
Ah - Begar! - dot man alive still - turn about Citoyens - for there will be no good to be done - I know his tricks of old!!
va-t-en
A *BRACKETED* Map of the Road into the Harbour of Jer *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; the islands of  OPEN>> Guernsey, Alderney, Sark and *BRACKETED* rsey
Thats right Johny keep us going! dont flag Man & you shall never know what I'll do for you!
Well! how do you come on with your old German Boar! I warrant you would like to mount my Hobby Leo, but I would not change for Dads five claw'd Dragon.
50.000 Pr An
Stick to that young Mistress! and tho I am pretty near stript to the skin, egad I'll off with my shirt to keep you going to the last!
M. T.
Joh Bull, caterer in general to the *BRACKETED* l Family—NB provides music & pays the Piper.
Ah Mr Bull, too fast I giddy!
Gloucester
Feild Marshal
Holla stop a minute Johnny this place is for me I know!
And here's a Gloucester for me so I'll stride that!
Psalms
Dont cry my Princess weell be off to Kent & Sussex Salms will be welcome there.
a snug little Family Party so here's a pleasant ride to you all!
Syllabubs and Trifle
Emporium for Genuine German Sausage
The Booth for Wellington Brown Stout
Iohn Bulls Fair:  OPEN>> This world is a fair  OPEN>> wher the crowd is bent wholly  OPEN>> on gewgas *BRACKETED* & rattles noise nonscence and folly  OPEN>> Where titles & honors are trades most prolific. And gold is the one universal styptic.
I have not Killed him by God
Don't be frightened Squire Stand up like a Man & receive my fire.
he has got the staggers
The coward wou'd have Twenty Paces!!!
Squire
I humbly ask this Lady's Pardon & if you will forgive me this time, I will never do so any more.
John - John - run & Shut the Gates that fellow is unloading all his Deer in the Park! Jacobins to a man III be bound for them. What - Tri Coloured ribbands. & Cockades - Pretty Work - Got talking to one of mine already - it wont do - turn them all out - one brazen Bald-faced fellow like that would Corrupt a whole Herd!!!
chapeau-bras
Here's fine revolution an we had the trick to see  OPEN>> t
I'll follow it, it looks so like my Dad
Varnish
Canning used to talk about a Red Lion but I say that in our reforming times there is no such sign for a *BRACKETED* Publican *BRACKETED* as a King's Head, though a Star & Garter is not to be despised
I think that considering I was not bred to the trade, I am not a bad hand at bedaubing a King,—after all to produce effect, I find there is nothing like plenty of Varnish
Entering as Landsman—
Carousing on board—
In Irons for getting drunk—
Boarding a French brig—
Promoted to Boatswain & exercising his Authority—
Laid up a Greenwich pensioner—relating his adventures—
Greenwich Hospital
For the Rain it raineth every day
Raining—Cats—Dogs-—&—Pitchforks with the Prongs downward It must be the fault of the Weather—for when it rains—it rains Taxes—& when it shines—it shines Taxes
cit
Tax
Window Tax
Malt & Hops Tax
Tax . . .
Tax . . .
Powder Tax
Corn Laws
Leather Tax
Land Tax
Dog Tax
Poor Tray
Trade
A slap at slop
Crown Loo
trompe l'oeil
23rd Jan
Extd R. Dighton
*BRACKETED* n Thous *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Behind is a closed bag inscribed  OPEN>> £100-000
John Bull
Assessed Taxes!
Triple Taxes!
I can never bear this burden long I must either rise up or fall down.
A Pitch Mark
Oh. Dam'me an Ass *BRACKETED* will bear any thing
Triple Lash
House Tax
Window Tax
Carriages Servants &c.
Treasury Bench
Third Secretary of State
Treasurer of the Navy
Chairman of the Board of Control
I want a few thousands a year more then III be contented.
Here he is please your Honors - we caught him alive on the Suffolk Coast he was a little queerish at first, but a few stripes at the Gangway - soon brought him about. I told him he was just in time for Lord Mayors show - What does your honor think of him for the Man in Armour?
Ay you see how we live at this end of the Town but you get no roast Beef here Master Boney let him have plenty of soupe maigre, - and in the evening take him up to the Ball Room, for the amusement of the Ladies - Come here's the glorious Ninth of November.
Essay on Blacking
Mr Broomhills Recipe
The Princes Recipe
Chemistry
Pine Apple
Spirit of Salt
Holdsworth's
Royal Blacking
A Treatise on good Eating and drinking
behold our Brethren
cit
To St James 5 Miles
Taxation
Coalition
A true Englishmans toast; a hard trotting Horse, a Porcupine Saddle, a Cobweb Pair of Breeches, for the Enemies of Great Britt---an.
had he exerted his Authority he would have saved much Bloodshed
and would prevented *BRACKETED* the Army from being our Masters
History of the Riot in Moorfields & who were the calm Spectators
Song I. The Words by R. Rusted. Tune - The Vicar and Moses *BRACKETED* ; Song II the Words by O------N------. To the Scots Tune of, Ye took your Packs upon your Backs; You would na stay, you ran away.
At length fore'd to wait on a Council of State, For his Wisdom display'd in Moorfields, Where the strange city tool, well known for a F------, Got kick'd out of doors, neck and heels. Fol de rol &c
I feed on a Lands Destruction
Oppression
War
Destruction
War
Famine
War
Poor Old England link'd in Trouble
Towards France
A Dreadful Devouring Insect, an Emblem of Destruction & Famine
*BRACKETED* Lullaby, Lullaby, Lullaby, Lullaby, sooth him with a Lullaby
What's this? A set of Impostors acting in my name without my authority—zounds I'll set things to rights Reform!!! Reform!!!
Here's a fellow that calls himself the poor Man's friend and makes his Labourers take a shillingsworth of bad Articles for a day's work
Oh if I dont Register you for this
Spinning Jennies
Milk Below
Matchless
As you blazon my Blacking here's a coat of arms for you and recollect your Father was the first Gentleman in your Family whilst my Father was the first Tradesman in our Family
Oh what Callipash!!!
What Callipree!!!!!
Aye Aye I know the Wards
Have you more than One Child born in Wedloch
I have more than One Child your worship but they waur born in Brighton
Georgy my boy here's a Lieutenant Generals Commission for you
Nay now do let the child eat his barley sugar. I am sure it will suit him best
I want a bit of barley sugar too
Nil desperandum, let's try what we can do
Oh horrible its no use, think of the terrors of a dissolution
Regent's Bomb
Reform
Oh my lord think of the Etiquette
Pho, Pho, think of the utility
Hem
Bribery and Corruption!!
Ock *BRACKETED* botheration jest as I wass going to spake so about purity and independance to *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . *BRACKETED* NAUTICAL READINGS. *BRACKETED* Below the title:  OPEN>> The navy biscuit are mostly made by machinery and have that word stampt on them
Let see m-a-c-neac *BRACKETED* h-i-n-e-r-y henery Oh it's only the swab of a baker's name
Aye Aye Mac Henry that's it
Mr Bull cares very little about Reform I'm sure
Petition for Reform
Oh what a Bouncer!!!
I never drink but water
shiver my timbers what with such a grog blossom face well that's sailing under false colors
Here am I thrown over board as if they could no longer stomach me Oh it's most Revolutionary
You always have eat Rotten Eggs; do eat them: and always ought to eat them
I feel the coldness of death upon me do taste a bit more of your friend for Boroughbridge
Reform
doctors
D—n those Doctors if they don't get out of the way I'll kick them out
Oh he must not have that Pudding; it's not good for his constitution I'll prepare him one as light as Air scarcely more than words
I think he might have it if he would but wait while we picked out the Plumbs and Sweetmeats
Gentlemen I have staked my professional Character on this Pudding and cannot allow any alteration
You would not think the command of the Horse Guards too great a price for my support to the Bill
Ha, ha ha Brother how you do love a joke
The Princes Hobby
Punch Princes Mixture
The Dukes Hobby
£10.000 for Visiting the Sick
The Judges Hobby
Invented by the Bank
Wellingtons Hobby
The Lawyers Hobby
Brief
The Tailors Hobby
The Parsons Hobby
Bible
The Fishmongers Hobby
Sir—be you Sick
Ball Ticket £3. 3. 0 First, 2. 2. 0 second, after Gratis
Its very lucky I met with you my honest Man if she behaves well she shall be promoted to the service of a Duke
Very lucky indeed I'se Woundily Obliged to your Ladyship. My Dame always said as how Bet was cut out for Zarvice of your great Volkes.
ah! I knew he'd dart out like an Old Spider at a Fly
Satirist
Whig club
Offence bill
Whitbreds Entire
Port
Unpaid Bills
I'm their leader Damme.
Oh save my Country *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . He holds a long sword and a shield with concentric circles inscribed:  OPEN>> Portland
Percival
Canning
Eldon
Mulgrave
Hawksbury
Castlereagh
Fitz
N° 22......
I Promise to pay to the Misses Scantdress & Littlecloaths, / or Bearer, Five Sous, when our Dashing Ladies shall have / acquired more Delicacy and our Fops more Brains. / London, the 21st day of Augt *BRACKETED* . / For Decency, Propriety & Self; / Common Sense. / Sous FIVE / Entd Rectitude. On the left of the text: enclosed in an oval are ladies standing together in low-cut dresses, not especially scanty, and having a tunic over an under-dress in the Greek manner. Above:  OPEN>> Naked we came into the World: Almost naked we live in the World: Naked we shall go out of the World
Cover yourself, lest Shame cover you
Treasury Gold
My dear Lady allow me to prove to you my sincere affection, by thus devoting myself to your Interest, & like many of the Nobility, & even Royalty itself, who permit their Protegées to enrich themselves on the spoils of the Public.
My Sweet Friend & invaluable Protector, I am perfectly sensible of your unalterable regard, by the many proofs of your attention to my Interest, & tho Johny is becoming very clamorous, & dangerously inquisitive, while you & I are true & affectionate to each other, we can always contrive to Cajole him.
Oh, ho, now I see the necessity *BRACKETED* Secret Committees, I think this smells strong of a Criminal Connection. Sweet indeed! but very Dear to me. Cajole
Bank Restrictions
Plans to render Bank Notes Inimitable
Forged Notes—at least suposed so
Still doubtful
Our own Notes which have been refused being suspected, since Paid
Our own Notes issued with Omissions
Small Profits. *BRACKETED* : Amount of Notes lost by Fire 148,793, Do by Sea— 796,348, Distroyedby Accidents—64,227, Stolen & made away with to prevent detection—48,969, Compound Interest on Notes kept out for 20, 30 & 40 years 2,369,475; Secret Profit on Guineas for which Notes have been Issued 863,947; Use of Unclaimed Devidends 1,364,987— *BRACKETED* £5656 746. Large Profits on Discount advances to Government; Charge for government busineness; Trade speculations in Omniums, Foreign Loans &c &c &c &c &c. too much to meet the Pubic *BRACKETED* Eye .... 000 000 000 00
Stop Colonel, Charley has decided it
Gentn don't disturb my Rest, you have got my Wife there, my Horns are well tipt & I'm contented
Go to Bed you old Ram
Mr Robin *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Fox says:  OPEN>> He that fights and runs away may live to fight another Day.
But he that's in a battle Slain Will never rise to fight again.
Droll
I was once a Capital Dealer but thro
Oh I wish that ye Wars were all over
Dum species Fugio
Long live Sultan - as long as He lives, We shall never want Ruin'd Towns & Villages - Vid. SPEC
in ye Reign of ye best of Princes
To Let
Norfolk
Æsopus
To his Excely Genl Washington. Pat. Patæ. This Plate is humbly Address'd by His Obedient Servt Thos Tradeless Oh Wash'gton is there not some Chosen Curse Some Hidden Thunder; in the stores of Heav'n, Red with uncommon Wrath, to BLAST those MEN, Who owe their Greatness to their Country's RUIN Addiss Cato.
Veluti in Speculum
N° 23......
I Promise to pay to the Right Honble & Honble Members / of the Four in Hand Club, or Bearer, Two Pence, When his / Majesty, in consideration of their transcendant merit, shall / have placed the Reins of Government in their hands & when the Slang of the Stable shall / have become a standard for Polite Conversation. / London: the 1st day of October, *BRACKETED* . / For Ge-up, Ge-ho, Hoyte & C° / *BRACKETED* Prime Bang-Up!! / Pence Two / Entd Squire Groom
I will both Vice & Folly lash, however high, while I've a Mind and Arm!.
Negociation Rock
Peace or War
There Johnny - now I'm down and you are up - then I go up and you go down Johnny - so we go on.
I wish you would settle it one way or other - for if you keep bumping me up and down in this manner I shall be ruined in Diachilem *BRACKETED* Plaister
Act IIId enter Little Pickle
From Richmond
To Bushy
I used to be a good shot but have been out of practice for some years.
I'll make myself up small— Gad if he should hit me—I might be tainted with some of his Popery, wont give him more than one chance.
Battersea Shooting Grounds Grand Pigeon Match
Satirist
John Bull
Killing no Murder
Irish pleader
Tim
My own Life
Horn Book
Droits
Flower for Libel
Essence of Algernon
To Reason and Liberty
Trial of John Horne Tooke for High Treason
Priapus
Diderot
Age of Reason
The Wit's Magazine
The Wit's Magazine
Humourous Description of a Citizen and his family at Vauxhall
The Connoisseur
covered walk
But I tell you tis no use your coming here there is no property left on my land but the old scare crow—no one will steal him I should think
showing the difference  OPEN>> twixt looser & winner
Priam! Come old un, fork out the Blunt
"Sighing like furnace with a woeful ballad— made to his Booksellers Pocket
This ere's the disagreeablest veather wot hever I seed—nothing but heavy vet—Dust O
Long to reign over Us
Cam
Reform
Purity
Corn Bill
Whereas—this Old Pump so much admired for the Purity of its Spring has been for the last Seven Years—gradualy getting out of order—the parties concern'd think of erecting a New one—this being thought too rotten to repair The handle is very rusty
Mad Dogs
"we will rather sleep than talk; we know what belongs to a watch
Why, you speak like ancient and most quiet Watchmen
hell
London
The Viciousness of the lower order is getting past bearing my L—d.
Winchester
It is indeed Brother—by the bye do you ever call on our respectable Neighbour
Who would think I commanded a 74 yesterday
I say my Lads its lucky we made our hay while the Sun was shining for the Reign that is coming on may put us out of work - and there's a pretty gang of hungry fellows waiting for our shoes
I say Father—why is our Regiment like a man who has hanged himself
cit
Because it's a Wolunteer Corps
Their Honors the Aldermen are coming down to dine— I hope we may catch fish enough for them—Tommy
This is terrible—catching whitebait—destroy the Nets—and send those fellows off to Goal
We are starving
I sent two rascals off to jail this morning for fishing with unlawful Nets—don't you think this Whitebait excellent Mr Deputy
This in a free Country a pretty infringement on the liberty of the Subject
Mad Dog
Notice to Dogs All vagabond Dogs found at large without Muzzles—will be taken up and punished with the utmost rigour of the Law—by order of the Magistrates *BRACKETED* Dogberry
"Stay here and sing your mistress to delight—&c.  OPEN>>  / Together together—together let us range the fields—&c.
Reform
winds
Reform Bill
Times
amongst rocks and shallows from which the blessing of Heaven and the skill of the Pilot deliv'd her
Then take the reins and find the right way for I've lost it
The Times
The Times of this day
Here's the most dreadfull Libels every word as spoken &c &c.
TWIXT THE CUP AND THE LIPS. *BRACKETED* A man staggers back, as a large ball knocks from his hand a goblet inscribed  OPEN>> Office
The Protest
Here you see Mr Punch throw his child Protestant Ascendancy out of the window, knock on the head his wife's consistency &c. &c. &c
from the sublime to the ridiculous
The Protest
I say there's no need of Reform and I'll never consent to it
Expediency
Opposition
Office
Reform
These Articles may be bought for the value of Half a Crown
I trust noble lords will entertain the Bill with courtesy, I cannot bear to see anything so bearded
To Apron and to wig a stranger / To the House of L------ds I go / Wearing you is fraught with danger / Some paving stone might lay me low
What makes the starving people so clamorous for Reform is, the hope to get some of its Provisions!
Penny Magazine
Penny Mag. Sir?
Last Dying Speech
Hot Joints
Reform
Sold, Benifit, *BRACKETED* orm, Cheapest House
King, Lords, Commons
Ah oh you sal see him swallow de middle ball and ve vil persuade you it is no swallow not at all not von bit
Dancing Master
Country Dance
hands across
Scots Reel—
Irish Jig
La Minuet
Terpsichore
On the light fantastic toe
cello, oboe, French horn. On the right: *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> German Waltz
French Quadrille
Spanish Boliero
Ballet Italienne
Dancing Dogs
Dancing Bear
Dancing Horse
Rope Dancing
St Vitus's Dance
Dancing Mad
Cordial Julep
St Steph *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The new Minister says, pointing to Fox:  OPEN>> That Fellow with the Black Countenance was once in your service before, but an attempt to swallow a few hundred Lacks of Rupees *BRACKETED* & some other trifling faux-pas caused him to be turn'd out, he has repented since and promised to be more on his guard in future - That Gentleman on the right *BRACKETED* was once colleague with your late Steward *BRACKETED* , but disputing about a few fishes, he left him, protested against his measures, and bids fair to be afaithfull Servant - I can recomend that Gentleman in Black *BRACKETED* as the most faithfull and Honest in the Fair I know him well, and only think him too Honest to keep his place long *BRACKETED* , - that Young Man *BRACKETED* has never been in service before, I can say nothing about him, I did not much like his Tutor, tho he was a famous one for makeing a Peace *BRACKETED* - Theres a Fellow fit for any thing, you have not got a better Hack in your Stable, & has been lately washed from all his impurities *BRACKETED* - That Keen looking Fellow there is a devilish good Servant, but a d----- bad Master, you must keep him under don't let him have the Management, he never could manage for himself *BRACKETED* - That tall Man in green *BRACKETED* I would recommend to be your Locum-tenens at your Country House in Dublin, you'll find him Honest - That Sly looking Chap there will take either side, only make it worth his while & you'll find him a hard working fellow, he has been used to the pay Table
Petty France to be sold to the best Bidder a fine Young...
During the Fair - The Castll *BRACKETED* spectre *BRACKETED* - To which will be added an Entertainment called The Hack
a new Farce as lately perform'd at the Theatre Royal Brighton for the edification & amusement of the Cooks, Scullions, Dishwashers, Lick-trenchers, Shoe-blacks, Cinder-sifters Candle Snuffers &c &c of that Theatre, but which was unfortunately Damn'd the first night by Common Sense!
Dunghill of Republican Horse Turds
English-Pippin
Imperial-Pippin
Russian-Pippin
Turkish-Pippin
Neapolitan
First Horse Turd
A ha! par ma foi - how We Apples Swim!
Second Horse Turd
Third Horse Turd
Seyes
Massena
Jourdan
Talleyrand
Spanish-Pippin
Prussian-Pippin
Papal P *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , a triple crown, and  OPEN>> Sardinian *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , both half submerged. Under water are submerged *BRACKETED* turds:  OPEN>> Robespierre
Marat
Condorcet
Roland
Caira! Caira! - chacun à son tour! We shall all Swim in our turns
Envy
Yes! Yes! - none of Us was born to be Drowned
Voltaire
Rosseau
d'Alembert
Godwin
Price
Priestley
Holcroft
*BRACKETED* Darwin
Mo *BRACKETED* Po *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Morn. Chronicle
Courier *BRACKETED* . Larger turds are:  OPEN>> Atheism
Falshood
Regicide
Egalité
Disappointment
Beggary
Poverty
Plunder
Paines Rights of Man
Republican Faith
Theophilanthropy
Deceit *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Lies
Licentiousness
Hypocrisy
Explanation. - Some Horse-Turds being washed by the Current from a neighbouring Dunghill, espied a number of fair Apples swimming up the Stream, when, wishing to be thought of consequence, the Horse Turds would every Moment be bawling out, -  OPEN>> Lack a day, how We Apples swim! - See Buonaparte's Letter to his Majesty: and Mr W--b--ds remarks upon the Correspondence  OPEN>> between Crowned Heads
My dear Friend Quilldrive,— I have a Melancholy affair to communicate, I had put by just five hundred Guineas purposely for Law, and some villian has robb'd me of every farthing!— what would you advise me to do in this distressing case?
Why—I'd advise you, instead of desponding, to rejoice & sing, for depend upon it, you are a gainer by the loss!!!
Magna Charta
Bill of Rights
Habeas Corpus
The Devil among ye Tailors
Sacred to the Memory of Poor Charley late Member for the City of Westminster - We ne'er shall meet his like again!!!
O Temporal O Mores.
Hood and Sheridan - for Ever! - no Skulking to Buonaparte, and Navy and volunteers No Sarver *BRACKETED* no Taylor.
Hood
Hood & Sherry
Sheridan and Hood! - Volunteers and the Navy.
Sherry & Hood for Ever
No Stitchlouse
Sherry
Sheridan
St James
St George
Hood for Ever
Sherry for ever
Paul for Ever, Cucumber for Ever, Paul & Cabbage
We shall all be Branded *BRACKETED* with Infamy. What a Stroke! at the Respectability of the Theatre.
Give the Lady some asses Milk
For Lamentable acct of Death &c. see Rump Chronicle Extraorv March 3d 1819
Order of Procession
Hic Jacit Rumpibus
Peter Knife Nacker Tuthill Fields
Cum, hup ye xxxxx Warment or I'll cut your xxxxx Rump off!
The Rump itself, borne on Mr Hobby's Triumphal Car & drawn by an Ass.
Pall bearers
Four Bum-bailiffs
Fare thee well, & if for ever, Then for ever Fare thee well,
Chief Mourner, Mr Hobbyhorse—suffering ye Tortures of the D—d!!—his Train supported by Bodkin!! & the Baronet—done over!!!
To think that I should have eaten salt with the Lying Chronicle!!  OPEN>> tis the Only act of my life,—I am ashamed of—"And, yet, it can not be for that, that all my old friends have forsaken me!!!!?  OPEN>> yet I could accuse me of such things, &c
proud, revengeful, ambitious; with more offences—at my back than I have thoughts to put them in.—
between earth & heaven? we are  OPEN>> errant Knaves beleive none of us;
Bombastes Furioso
What! can daunt the soul of a master Tailor?!!
who would fardels bear, To groan & sweat under a weary life, When he himself might his own quietus make with a bare bodkin?
Hamlet
Unpaid Bills Brooks Secty to the Rump
Acct of money paid for Bribery &c
O! Oh! Oh! O!!! The day of Reckoning is at hand!
assist Mournr Master Brooke full of Cutting panes
No Wig
The Rump Committee Blockheads 2 & 2—
No King No Lords No Coms & No Clargy No Constitution No Laws No Lamb No Nothing but Burdett & Hobby for ever & ever
Hob for ever!; Burdett for ever; Hobhouse; Hobhouse for ever Burdett for ever; Burdett & Hobhouse for ever no Lamb.
Phebotomizers 2 & 2—The rest of the followers—the Scum of Earth
Equality
Mister John Ketch Esqr
Hold to the Laws i.e take 'em in your own hands • No • Basteels
Reform *BRACKETED* Freedom!! and No Big Wigs
Acquitted Felons two & two—
Champion
If I be not ashamed of my company, I am a souc'd Gurnet: OPEN>>   OPEN>> Ill not march through Coventry with them that's flat
Mr Thelwall Esqr
To the Bottom less Pit!!
The Rump for ever to the tune of Rumpt—Bum—iti
Oh! D—n my eyes I can't stand it any longer
Hobhouse for ever
Bribery & Corruption
Oh! My Rump!
NB The figs in ye corner represent the excessive grief of some Rumpti Tumti female Friends of the Rump
Tothill Downs
N° 38
Universal Suffrage Annual Parliament
cat's meat!
Black Dwarf
. . . d Expects Every Man will do
Hard work this—got plenty more to bring down yet—.
Petition
against Concession
Petition against
30.000 Inhabitants
Humbly Sheweth
Petition against Concession—
3.00 Inhabitants
4000 of the . . .
signed by 130.000 Men Women & Children ; 60,000 Respectable Inhabitants
Satirist
or, The Friend to a Peace
ea
ie
grand saloon
Hail entire Guardian of our Liberties *BRACKETED* .
Ah gay deceiver? I'll bind thy brows sweet fellow with the Cyprian wreath; & lull thee with thy wished-for Piece.
Oh! Ladies spare my feelings!!! your gratitude quite overpowers me.
Come Sisters! let us kiss the freind to Freedom and to Love.
Address
Back ye Ruffians back!!!—my friend the Brewer will make, & by Jupiter Ill keep the piece.
Monologue
When energizing objects men pursue
The Macaroni and Theatrical Magazine
Scourge
cits
To Wimbledon
a near Cut to Batter sea
cit
J.B Tax Cart N° 1816
Long arms that saw the air like windmill sails
Smugled
Hollands Gin
Coniac Brandy
Ask me not what I was, See what I am, those who take me for a fool, Shew their Own Want, tis Money makes the Mare to go, & Sing tol lol de riddle lol fal lal de riddle lal fal lal de ra
Act for *BRACKETED* blishing Popery
Nemo me impune lacessit
'Tis a bra
Pray Sir dont boil my Spirits in this manner some of them are of ye Lobster kind & will boil red the Cauldron is intended for the purpose of Incantation not as a Stew pot for Ghosts Pray open your Trap doors and let them rise in a more natural Way.
cit
O You Sweet Angel - I thought you would never arrive - I must have t'other buss - let Mrs Bull say what she will I am determin'd to take you into keeping.
I have fulfilled my promise - take her and be happy
Definitive Treaty
OPEN>> Down, down, down derry down.
*BRACKETED* , the latter  OPEN>> Floored by Jove!  OPEN>> This is too bad
Hollo! What's the row?
Oh! only a few Irishmen at their favorite amusement
I say! don't hit the man so hard
Hurra boys! see what he has got in the basket
I am a poor old man
I should like to see you do that to his face
See you awkward spalpeen—with your flourishing you have hit the poor old gentleman
As Sung by Mr. Liston, with unbounded Applause, 1811; being a Parody on Mr. Braham's Song of  OPEN>> The Beautiful Maid
Yet something may remain perchance to chime, With reason, and what's stranger still with rhyme Even this thy genius CANNING! may permit, Who, bred a statesman, still was born a wit. And never, even in that dull house, could'st tame To unleavened prose thine own poetic flame; Our last, our best, our only Orator, Even I can praise thee
British Constitution
Corruption
Sinecures
Sedition
Blasphemy
Rebellion
Right and Wrong
Pray Sire take this Pill it will renovate your Constitution
Yes by G— he must, and shall take it, and we have many more for him to take
Should it not quite, exactly meet our expectations recollect Sire that I—I am the keeper of your My's Conscience
We Medical Gentlemen affirm, nor can it be contradicted Madam, that all Bitters are Hot or Heating
Indeed sir! well, I never knew that before: But pray Doctor. what do you think of Bitter Cold Weather
There indeed Ma'am I'm rather at a loss, I must Study that
Whoe,er, with curious eye, has rang'd Through Ovids tales, has Seen How Jove, incens'd, to Monkies chang'd A tribe of worthless Men, The Brute with Contempt the man surveyd Nor would a name bestow But Woman lik'd the motley breed And Calld this thing a Beau
How is this Ernest? we see the Caricaturists have cut off your Mustaches!
Ah!  OPEN>> that *BRACKETED* was the most unkindest cut of all!
McLean's Caricatures
the Albion
Rebllion
Anarchy
Approach not infectious Monsters, Demon's of the Storm, Blood & Famine, marks your way.—The Albion patient under long suffering shall alone triumph by—Loyalty and Prudence
W R
I say Captn the Hurricane blows from all quarters and seems center'd in these Sea's if you do'nt exert all your wits down She'll go!
Never fear master Bull while I'm my own Pilot she shall Weather the Storm
a'nt you a pretty sort of a Ship's carpenter? now patching up One Seam and looseining *BRACKETED* a fresh timber
be after taking in your Jasey *BRACKETED* you, Rat-catcher, and is'nt it yr live-stock thats gnaw'd her to pieces? and nothing but patching will hold her together
Brunswick
this is sending one afloat in a Cockle-shell, with a Vengeance I wonder whether I can get aboard the Albion
Oh Miguel Miguel thou hast scarce Strength to keep thy head above water
Spain
Gold
I am Sinking fast, and yr fat Carcase is half the Cause
Nay put yr trust in me and you will be safe
You are all sailing on a false bottom—your—Captain's a Pirate, and yr Crew Mutineers,—all steering without a Compass,—yr vessel can't weather it out
You lie Capet! she's too firm to split, and while Phillip's her commander She'll never Sink
I doubt it Lafitte
Holland dismasted
Belgium and independence
What Strange creatures are the greatest
\\ such ways as lead to misery : admiring every Virtue in
\\ Fond of Fame yet labouring for Infamy.
I swear again, I would not be a Queen
Who should be lov'd but you?
He counsels a divorce: a loss of her
*BRACKETED* . The Quaker, standing on tiptoe with clasped hands, answers:  OPEN>> It is not Love but strong libidinous will
pudding
And while we can get brandy boys we'll scorn to fly!
Best Road to Dunkirk
A new Song
Why Soldiers Why Should we be Melancholy, boy; Why, Soldiers, why? Whose business 'tis to die What sighing fie! Damn fear, drink on, be jolly, boys!  OPEN>> Tis he, you or I - cold hot wet & dry; We're allways bound to follow, boys, annd scorn to fly!
Account of the Republican Overthrow
Pichegru
News of the Victory over the Carmagnols
George IIId
Studies of Academic Attitudes taken from the Life
Maraschino
Composing Draught
Rouge à la Naples
Antiquities of Herculaneum Naples Caprea &c. &c.
Pri *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , a laughing bust of  OPEN>> Messalina
Ovid
Tibertius
The Hero of the Nile
"Ah, where, & ah where, is my gallant Sailor gone
He's gone to Fight the Frenchmen, for George upon the Throne,  OPEN>> He's gone to Fight ye Frenchmen, t'loose t'other Arm & Eye,  OPEN>> And left me with the old Antiques, to lay me down, & Cry
Daily Advertiser
The Parson, Barber & the Squire, Three Social Souls who News admire
Revolution
Go it Bob
Corruption
Conservative Gang
Northumberland . . .
The Bill Passed
Pro Rege Lege Grege
vox Populi
Rejoicings for the Passing of the Reform Bill
Speed the Plough
last night
The majority was glorious. It was 106 to 22 . . . —Thank Heaven all are safe.
Death Extraordinary
Tory Power
Glorious Majority of eighty-four
Magna Charta
The Reformer's Alphabet
Rambler's Magazine
Ungratefull Monsters
Let me have this and I'll be satisfied
Let us have it between us
Their Ambition knows no bounds
Do you think I care for the opinions of any of you
£100.000
Diamonds—Rundle & Bridge
What piles of Wealth has she accumulated to her own portion—
Monsieur
Monsieur, be so obliging as to make piss with us
By the House of Bourbon, with the War we'll go on
He's no heart of Oak, But he  OPEN>> s fit for a joke, That will ask of a Frenchman a peace; And such is our fate That we have of late Been degraded by puppies and geese. To Britons success, Against the Congress, On the Seas & all over the plain; May they boldly advance, Make a Monkey of France, And Asses of Holland & Spain
Indeed papa, I cant leave of a good thing so soon, I am sure of late I have been very moderate, but I must have a bit now & then.
Poo Poo Poo, leave it off at once, you know I have never Drank any since I was married Lizie.
for my Part I'd rather Want alltogether than have a small Peice.
Now my Dear's only an ickle Bit, do but tink on de Negro girl dat Captain Kimber treated so cruelly ha, Madam Swelly & Rum too.
oh to be sure I was taken but an ickle at a time, an ickle and often you know & as for de Rum I dont care about it. good Coniac will make shift aha !!
rabble
When I take a thing in hand I always succeed
I could never have got in without your Grace's assistance
All sorts of Shifts made by C. J. Fox
This is the Devonshire method of introducing Members - Carlo for ever
Sir Cecil has got the Devonshire Cholic
She is a devilish fine Carcass - fine Meat!
D . . . that fat Bitch I must! I must! get rid of her! I say Sec I have put my foot in it.
You have indeed. Sir any one may smell that.
*BRACKETED* ford
*BRACKETED* mouth
Petition of . . Citizen . .
Arrangement of a New Administ *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  on which the beginnings of names are visible:  OPEN>> Cas *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Li *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , and *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> Sher *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Below this:  OPEN>> Rewards for Favorites . . . th 5000
Thoughts on Predilections *BRACKETED* by a Great *BRACKETED* Trickster
The Man of Business a Farce Performed by . . .
The Chld *BRACKETED* out of his Leading Strings a true tale of the 19th Century
An Essay on the improvement of the memory by Proffesor Gray and Grenville
blow thou *BRACKETED* Wind thou dost not cut so keen as friends remember'd n *BRACKETED* .
Blow thou Wint . . .
Henry Fifth
Henry Eighth
Epicure
Stop I am comeing.
bold as Hector or Mackbeth Ri tol tol Lol la / wheres the Fun Like meeting Death / Tol der ridy Tol de oi.
Blister 'em Fire 'em shoot em / kick em Lick 'em bump em / Lump em Thump em wack em smack em.
oh Dieblue I Lost me Body
Stop my Leg.
oh Dear what will become of me.
Ars-Musica
"I resumed the subject of my leaving him on the road, and endeavoured to  OPEN>> defend it better. He was still violent upon that head, - I had slept ill. Dr  OPEN>> Johnson's anger had affected me much.
Johnson You deserved about as much, as to believe me from night to morning.
Hope Insurance Office
The Dawn is overcast—the morning lowers / And heavily in Clouds—brings on the day— big / with the Fate of Y------ and Mrs Clarke
Arbre de la Liberte Plante a Amsterdam des Representans du peuple Francais a la Haye Gl Pichegru
Quoi! comment! Stadhouder - pécheur - revolution mon Dieu qu'est qui faisons nous.
votre Majeste n'a rien a craindre - vous etes la surprise et l'admiration du monde.
Plan des Tyrans coalesce pour la partitition de la France.
Brest
Paris
Lion
Toulon
Burke
Plan pour Prendre Paris
10 000
100 000
pour la Chasse £200,000
Droits Divins des Rois
Lex Parliamenti omnipotens
Sub libertate Tyran
Sub Libertate Quietem
Common Law
*BRACKETED* Charta Judicium Parium aut Lex Terrae
First Article
From Envy Hatred & Malice and all Uncharitableness Good Lord deliver us.
Town Talk
To Place
To Glory
To Ruin
To Pleasure
placemen
Place
Cash
Cash
Plan for a Burial Gr *BRACKETED* for the Army
Composing Draught Mrs Brittania
Calendar of Political Saints
To repair and beautify old Hertford Abby
Glory
Ciudad Rodrigo
Barrossa
Merida
Acre
Ruin
Taxes
Income Tax
Property Tax
House Tax
Window Tax
Shop Tax
Assessed Taxes
Can *BRACKETED* Tax
To be! or Not to be! that is the Question, wether tis nobler to let my Shoulders bear this load, or by a Pistols help at once to ease them, or shall I ease the wealthy Knave that fattens on the State of what is spent in luxury and waste, but then perhaps the Hangmans dirty hands must end me—aye there's the Rub.
To The Union
5000
Hoyle
I would take the Long odds—lost the 5,000, by G—d!!!
Pleasure
To Hertford Abbey
To Conway Castle
Messalina
Libidinous Suk
T'is useless for my Father to take so much care of N° 1 when we have most to dread N° 3.
Town Talk N° 2
Motion against Military Flogging
Motion . . . American Correspondence
aff. by Mr B
Am by Mr B.
Now I shall save a 1000 a year in Housekeeping & keep as many - *BRACKETED* as I like.
Oh thus to be persecuted & rob'd of - all for Lorn.
Oh! my Darling my Angel fear not the machinations of these Combind plotters while you have a Mothers arms to support you
Here my Inosent shall you find a parants Care to soothe your troubles & every honest means pursued to discover those base dark assas *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Bowen says  OPEN>> Oh how they did run we have done the Business
Aye Aye Clear off did not I do my part well.
Pubd May 1806 by S.W Fores No 50 Piccadilly
Petty
State Kettle
Commercial Interest
Funded Interest
Agricultural Interest
Manufacturing Interest
We jolly jolly tinkers be—tink-a-tang—tink-a-tang—tang Come Bob, why dont you sing—for I and you, and our tinkering crew, must keep up the—tink-a-tang-tang I know it's a tight job but this crazy old kettle must be tinkered up again;—to be sure we're somewhat short of the right material, but then we've plenty of Brass left
Why, if it were not for the brass we could do nothing— but we've plenty of that—so here goes— with our tink-a-tang—tink-a-tang tang
Madam I hope you shit very much as you like.
I vow Mr Gall my ring I sits as easy as one of my dear Mr Firkins cheeses in the scale.
Honi Soi *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; its fore-feet are planted on a large  OPEN>> Protestant Petition
Gordon
Rebellion
the Cutting Monster
By Gat I will give you de German Cut
Blast her she's afraid of it!
as
Blast
Deel an my Saul but I'll tip 'em the Highland Reel
A little Dagger with a Tube, was fill'd With juice of Plants, which such a Liquor yield, That when to Womans velvet Flesh apply'd, It makes no Entrance if a Maid is try'd
These are the Blessed effects of Your Patriotism, & be D------to you
Forse, meat Balls for the Lads of Paris
Plunder
Capt of Starved Banditty from the Alps, Ad Camp,, The Aghast Emperor & his two Friends & Pillars of the State,, Butcher from Elba. Generalissimo
Deamon of War Presideing over the Tyrant
Boundless Ambition
We, Come, to Redres:s Grievances
Vive la Empre . . . *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  and  OPEN>> Vive la Boun. . . .
Cowadice *BRACKETED* Eternal-Infamy Everlasting Disgrace
Remember
Manager's
Truth
But for equivocation I had been thus
Frontispiece Index
Select Passages
Loose Leaves
M.. . .n's *BRACKETED* Select Oriental Tales
False Title
An original Bengal Edition, exceeding scarce, if not the only copy extant, curiously bound in the Indian style, with handy clasps, conveniently lettered, and most admirably gilt------of undoubted value, tho' mutilated of the head, middle and conclusion, which are said to have been bought up at a vast expence for the Hastonian compilation. The above Work is composed in Asiatic Hieroglyphics *BRACKETED* by the celebrated Scottonian Genius *BRACKETED* , and revised with infinite art by Black Brow Brav'em *BRACKETED* . A translation of the above has been attempted by a select committee of managing Reviewers, who, notwithstanding, the most minute examination, from the duplicity and blotted state of the Characters, have not been able to produce more than a few explanatory notes from the senatorial Press, in the British Language, towards clearing the Transactions of the East from mysterious Obscurity
Moscow
Wellington
Good Gin
The Year 1814 will be long remembered for the severe frosts. ... At the beginning of February the river was completely blocked up with ice, between London and Blackfriars Bridges, where a fair was kept, 3 or 4 days, with booths, swings, skittles, presses printing tickets in commemoration, &c. &c
Dieu et Mon Droit
Richard III
Previous Treaty
Covent Garden
Drury Lane
In spite of Hisses, Groans, or Law, / I'll manage Richard with eclat.
Give me a horse—bind up my wounds; Have mercy heaven!
"A plague o
A Lying Affidavit by a lying Lawyer
Opposition!
That's right, Go it my Boys! I'ts all Dickie with Jack o
Principles of the Wolf Club at one view
What! will the aspiring blood of Lancaster sink into the Ground?
Mr Booth has Acted wrong
Wigs dressed . . .
Brimstone
Nemo. me. impune. lacessit.
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
All The Worlds A Stage
Murder—Murder.
Hiss Hiss
Old England
Vienne
Flanders
Rome
Prussia
Hanover
Amsterdam
Sardinia
Petersburg
Asignets
Oh Dear what can the matter be. I wish we was out of their Bloody clutches sure some infurnel Fiend Protect them.
Constantinople
I'll have a slice of the head it is a part my Grand Mamma *BRACKETED* was very partial too
Bender
Moldavia
By the Austrian Eagle - here is fine picking
I am not very particular - a bit of the rump will do for me
Akierman
Western Provinces
Give me a slice slyly I am very fond of Turkey
cits
Bread raised again a penny in the quartern! and a bad harvest! - What is to become of the poor?
We shall all be starved - that's inevitable!
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Compartment Ist.
Compt 2d Woodward Del. IC Sculp
cits
London Pleasure Gardens
trial
Desist
Bill of Pains and Penalties
Thou shalt not Bear false witness
Desist!
Nor dare to persecute a  OPEN>> virtuous
Anti-Jacobin Review
i
me
iiiiii me me me
A CERTAIN WAY TO DETECT AND SECURE A LOADED DIE.
There's the Die
Upon my honor
Dam your honor
Cl Mc
M.S.
Massy Plate
Stack of Hay
Pole of Wood
A CERTAIN WAY TO MAKE GOOD OUT OF EVIL.
Composition
Prosecution and Pillory - by Jasus for your Son attempted so and so, but if you do so and so, why then I shant think him so unnatural and so you understand so and so.
Be pacified - be softened - be husht and let my Son come home and you shall have some weighty reasons - you shall be a Colonel brave Sir.
Averice
A
B
C
D
The palace that N-h built: a parody on an old English poem. By I. Hume
egg-cup
for Bacchus and Ariadne
I really now think it a shame to disguise such a leg as this why my fortune will be ruin'd
Aye the upper part will do very well, many a husband will bless me for introducing these Stays
Petticoat Reform to be observed by all good . . . .
The Lords will take away thier tinkling Ornaments from about thier feet, The bonnet and the ornaments of the legs The changeable suits of Apparel and the flesh colour pantaloons the Mantles and the Wimples and the Crispin Pins
Pa Pa dont tell me these things must not be shewn but to private parties
come come thats long enough for an under one I'm sure
What! I suppose you'd like to have nothing but a fig leaf on.
All the World's a Stage And all the Men and Women merely players
Reformer's Petition
Dread Liege I have the honor to present a humble petition, signed by all the inhabitants of St Lukes Bedlam, and Hoxton praying Reform and that they may be let loose
St Lukes *BRACKETED* ital
Bedlam
Reform for ever
Down with the Drs
I want to get out
Broom for ever the Tea Dealer's friend
Reform
We want to be represented
Let us out we will have Reform
Let us Loose
Let us out
Ah!—this touches us nearly it must be considered of—These long existing abuses must be abolished
Who's Silly Billy now
the late Elections
Ingles
Peel
Westbury Close Sink of Iniquity
So measter—you be as fond of an Orange as ever —but dang it you used to like a bit of the Peel—and now I see you've thrown it into Westbury dirt pool.
Why I'll tell you how it is lohn— the Peel has suddenly turn'd Sour and as sour things are not good for my Constitution I discard it—the Old Gentleman in the dirt pool, being of a grosser habit is better able to stomach it—what might be the ruin of me—can do him no harm.
Impurity of Elect—Bribery—Corruption
Reform
Genuine Old Port
Now Master Jean Bull - more news for you You'll soon be out of Port!
I be de ye see de poor Portuguese, Vat he mean be de port wine; which he vill be glad to chang for your bag of guinee dere be gar - but dat is mum - between ourselves.
cit
D------n him and his Port too - and while I have the port-holes of my Wooden walls, and a glass of home brew'd ale, his conquests shall never trouble me
LOAN LOAN
SUBSIDY TAX
He'll come out a great deal further yet turn the loan stone again he is not half flat enough!!
Ah! Misericordi Ah! Misericordi - Jean Bool Jean Bool - hanging not good for Frenchmen.
I shan't Measure the Cord, you Foultre. I am Sure it is long enough to *BRACKETED* a Dozen such Fellows as You.
Crown Lands
A Plan of Œconomy for striking off Unmerited Pension"s;  OPEN>> York Patition *BRACKETED* &c
Bill
Taxes
Just a going Just a going
from the Prayers of the upright we alone hope for Prosperity
Verily verily it doth not become Us to Meddle with your Church or State affairs
Law under his arm
This is an alarming Crisis that must be decided by one fatal Blow to the Redress of one or Ruin to the other; If these Plans are not Prevented from taken *BRACKETED* Place we shall lose both Places & Pensions; This is not a Consumation devoutly to be Wished; Is a Public Service to be knock'd down att the Price of accomodating a few Individuals?; If this Lot is knock'd down the People will sweat under the load of Taxes they must bear.
Resist, or be Ruined! The Property Tax must be Abolishd now, or a State Inquisition will be Established in England for Ever. . . .
If I see fit I shall not be ashamed to lend my hand to Fix the Tax on Property!—I will never be /  OPEN>> restricted in my own Opinion!—No; I will not By GOD!!!— /  OPEN>> Conduct yourselves with more reason & calmness, for it is /  OPEN>> always the best policy!!!!
Laws against Prophaness
Oh! O! O! O!!! O O O *BRACKETED* .
I'm shocked!
I never saw a Clearer Case
Oh Johnny Atkins! Johnny Atkins Oh!,, Wha would ha
Atkins was a daring bold fellow—much given to curse & swear & speak  OPEN>> de great damn!
English Constitution
Royal London Hive Threadneedle Street Honey
What What! you Plundering little Corsican Villian, have you come to rob my industrious Bees of their Honey? I wont trust to your Oath Sting Sting the Viper to the Heart my good Bees let Buz Buz be the word in the Island.
Curse those Bees they sting like Scorpions I did not think this Nation of Shopkeepers *BRACKETED* could have stung so sharp. Pray good Master of the Bees do call them off and I will swear by all the three Creeds which I profess Mahometan, Infidel and, Christian, that I never will disturb your Bees again.
Kent Hive
Sussex Hive
Suffolk Hive
Welch Hive
Scotch Hive
Country Honey
Calais
Salt Water Bees
Il faut déclarer la guerre a la France
Turn fair Clora, turn, ah cruel, turn again
More Pigs . . .
I have got the first Teat however & will keep it
Portland Stone
you War Minister indeed
Can-nings . . .
We will have all the Teats or none
All or none
Agreement between L Grenville & Grey
Percivals Solicitacions
Ld Chatams Dispatch
Percivals Letters to Grey & Grenville
Brandon v. Clifford
Ld Greys Letter
Ld Grenvilles Letter
L C-m Dispatch
Speeches of Sir F Bur *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ;  OPEN>> Informations against Riotors
Cobbetts Registers
You pretend to take charge of the Mereno Flock
You a Steward *BRACKETED* truly
Seveille Dispatch
While Macaroni and his Mistress here, At other Characters, in Picture, sneer, To the vain Couple is but little known, How much deserving Ridicule their own
Gentlemen, Electors, for heaven's sake! recollect that some of the present men supported the American War; but do not recollect that my now dear Coalition Friend was the Author and conductor of that accursed war - . *BRACKETED* Five heads on the long necks of geese surround Fox at his central window; next him is Keppel, with a scowl. In the adjacent windows are similar heads, all much caricatured. Lord Derby, grinning, says  OPEN>> No back stairs
The Man of the People for ever
Huzza huzza
Old Wigs and Charley for ever and a fig for Charters
Poste Royale
Hotel d'Angleterre
chapeau-bras
Hotel.... Behind them
Keep up your Spirits Gentlemen and I hope you will feel yourselves quite at Home in a few Days.
I don't know What it is, but I feel as if I had a Mill Stone about my Neck, I wish we had Tom Tub here to make us laugh a little.
Come! Come! old Colleague, don't be so down hearted about it, see what a chearfull countenance I wear, I'll send to my Shop, for another easy Chair and then we shall be quite comfortable.
View of the Mill at Isleworth
Essay on Refineing
Spring Guns & steel traps Set here
Here take this Mr Bull - you have me in your power - I must trust to your usual generosity and most humbly Acknowledge I am truly sorry that ever I came here!
Holland Plunder'd
Swisserland Enslaved
Italy Plundered
France Ruin'd
a Paris
to Mr Bulls Nursery Ground
He has Plunder  OPEN>> d most of his Neighbours Gardens - but I thought he would be sorry if ever he set his foot in mine I suppose this big sword is what he intended to cut my cabbages with - and perhaps my head off too! - but I'll have it for a pruneing knife  OPEN>> twill serve me to lop off his Branches with if any should spring up after I have taken care of him! -
My Dear Madam if you raise your foot one quarter of an Inch higher it will be impossible for me to grant you a Licence
No! No! No! Not a hair's breadth higher for the World; such sights as these is the cause of so many Divorces
Vat! you see enof.
Thais
Temptation of St Anthony
go along do
Durham Cathedral
fellow
Between John Bull, & the French Republic poor Mynheer will be Robbed of all. D------n the Scheldt.
come come Mynheer the Republicans must not have all the money, we must have a little Handaway d'ye see.
by Gar Mynheer has got all de money.
Tree of Liberty
Ruins of the Test Act
Common Sense Battery
Oxford
Catholic
No Popery Battery
Prejudice
Ex Officio
Wounded by a Kick at Windsor
Church Influence
Petetion
The Grand Cumberland Bomb
Church Property
Wool Sacks
No Liberty Battery
Deceit
Cruelty
Folly
Arrogance
Inquisition Fort
Common Sense Battery
Ignorance
Eyes that see not Ears that hear not
Jehovah
Télémaque
Rights of Humanity
Association
the Ruins of the Test Act
The Times
Exposure
Petetion
Prejudice
Christ *BRACKETED* ning
Epigram on Lady A------
Antient Phyllis has young graces,  OPEN>> Tis a strange thing, but a true one; Shall I tell you how ? She herself makes her own faces, And each morning wears a new one; Where's the wonder now?  OPEN>> Asylum for Fugitive Pieces
Can i'vry teeth at sixty-one, Tho bought of March, be deem'd thy own, Display'd in lucid rows ?
Excursions to Parnassus ...
Rowlandson
Pretty Pickings Charley
For Private Use
M.T.
D°
For the use of the Publick
Two Virtuous Elves,  OPEN>> 'Taking care of Themselves
Treatise on Gout
Brooks's
And now, have at the Ministry, Damme!
Motions for to Badger Ministry
and Now for the Majesty of the People!
Port
Three c'Clock & a Cloudy Morning
OMNE SOLUM FORTI PATRIA
Un Anglais attaqué du Spleen, vient se faire traiter en France
Au Bien Venu
Oh! what an ugly thing it is—it's quite a disgrace to your Cabinet—pray do get rid of it—I cant bear the sight of it—out with it at once!!!
This subject perplexes me more than any other in my Cabinet—I'm afraid it will turn out to be a Counterfiet *BRACKETED* at last; Indeed I begin to detect many glaring faults in it—and shall get rid of it as soon as possible—beside my best friend Johnny has taken a great dislike to it.—
Ive often told you it was a spurious composition—and so you'll find it when you see it in a proper light!
The Voice of the People
Publick Safety
I woud do the best to please my People
Liberty
I have the Voice of the People in my Eye
Commerce
We have not been taxed this twelvemonth
Rebellion
I could soon extinguish these Puppet Shew Vapours if properly supported
Rebellion
Puppet Shew
Envy
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Rapacity
Hypocrisy
Tyranny
The Wages of Sin is Death
Manus Hæc Inimica Tyrannis
Ambition
Sub Hoc Signo Vinces
What a Devil of a mess I've got into
Oh! I fear I've put my foot in it
Gerard's Pop Gun
the large mortar from Liege
in ease and comfort
which he lights with the protocols of the Conference, and the summonses of Marshal Gerard . . .
For an illustration of the above, see, the Intercepted Letters from the Republican General Kleber, to the French Directory, respecting the Courage, Honor & Patriotic Views, of -  OPEN>> the Deserter of the Army of Egypt
Say what they will of our Member they can't say he wants Head!!
No or that he is light headed!
Faith they'll soon find that out if they should come to logerheads.
Have you put Brass enough in the *BRACKETED* he'll soon be put out of countenance if you have  OPEN>> nt.
We are the Body and shanks when they are wanted you know!
Now Lads up with it! never mind a little mistake in proportion—it's a Head we want!
Here is the liquor and the Parson, so make haste that we may Christen him.
America
England
Scotland
Politicks for 75
Rouse, Britons, Rouze! behold thy staggering State, Discord destroys you, Concord makes you great; While thus at variance, Brother scourges Brother, Friends disunited must destroy each other
Hollands
Cock Broth
£80,000
The Triumph of Bacchus
Every person who wishes to see the Monuments in St Paul's must pay Twopence!! Sailors should have a free admission.
Jack Junk Victory
And a third part of their ships were destroyed, Revelations Chap, 8, Verse, 9, *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Behind are shrubs and sunflowers. The sailor is stout and middle-aged; he wears short jacket, striped trousers, round hat, and buckled shoes. He looks up with stern and pugnacious melancholy. Above his head:  OPEN>> I'll be no Towpenny Customer at St Paul's! This shall be poor Jack's Monument, in his little Garden, to his Noble Companion - first of all is my Sea Chest, in memory of the many Voyages I have had with his Honor - on it I have chalk'd a Text from Scripture suitable to the occasion - then comes two Cags of Grog in memory of his noble Spirit - then two Hangers in memory of his gallant bravery - his uniform Hat, when reminds me of the Nile, Copenhagen, and, Trafalgar, - and above all is the figure of an Englishman's Heart, hung with black Crape
Matrimony - To have and to hold
Finding it Necessary to attack the South in order to escape from the North, I have done all that could be done against the Constitutional System—I have Stirred up Insurrection wherever it was possible!—I have armed & organized the Rebels!—All this I have done secretly,—But now!—that I have 100,000 men ready for the field with Prince Hilt at their head, & under the protection of the God of Saint Louis! I will march into Spain. & restore Petticoat Government—Embroidery—! *BRACKETED* Priestcraft—Bigotery —and—The Blessed! Holy Inquisition! in all their Original Glory!!! *BRACKETED* . The two emperors wear uniform with jack-boots. Alexander says: Aye! Aye go on Louis or I'll take the Other end of the Stick to you—But don't be afraid for I'll back-you with half a Million of Barbarians & what with the Power of our Brother Austria here, & Prussia, we'll trample the Liberty of Europe in the dust, & wash away the blessings of Freedom in the Blood of it's advocates. Francis, on Alexander's left, says: Go on Old Boy!  OPEN>> every thing that is Ancient is good
Liberty
Oh! Grant a me von little Bit
The Old Constitution built in the Year 1688 Broke up in 1783-4 as no longer Serviceable
Unhackney'd in the way of Sawing
They shall have the Starboard side at St James's
My Family at Stephen's *BRACKETED* shall have the Larboard side
And I'll have you Miss, to light my Fire.
The Absolute
Old Constitution
Ambition
Secret Influence
Building at Chatham
£15000 pr Annum for Double Tides
chapeau bras
I Promise to pay seventeen millions in ten Years - if I am Minister *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , an allusion to North's budget speech, 1 May 1772,  OPEN>> Parl. Hist.
Town Talk
Vittoria
Bless your honor's Highness. I was wounded at the Battle of Salamanca. Please to give me a morsel of bread, I served with your Highness in Holland.
What did you say any thing about Holland for? don't you see how it turn'd his Royal Stomach.
I say Mac. Why is  OPEN>> nt your Royal Master here??!!!
He's afraid of meeting his wife & he would as soon meet the Devil at any time.
Now the Girls are come we'll have some fun we'll have a Hop in the Dark Walks D—n me.
this is almost as glorious as the Walcheren Expedition! Billy.
What! won't you have a Kiss from a Royal Duke?!!
Oh! you Nasty beast if Kiss *BRACKETED* me I'm sure I shall faint.
Welcome sweet Ladies, we wanted some variations in our pleasures—we long to do homage at the shrine of your beauties.
Get away you Drunken red whiskerd Intriguing Rascal.
Oh! Dear Bless me They're all Drunk the brutes.
Manufactures & Commerce
*BRACKETED* i Soit
Manufactures & Commerce support the Workmen | they the Merchants & Masters who are the | chief tax payers & thereby support | The great tax eater Church-and- State
Rambler's Magazine
lame ducks
Me no pay 70,000 Guinea ven de Law vill not oblige Me
You be vise Man a second Solomon
The Spirit moveth Me to depart hence
They must be Saved by Faith alone
Greece
Turkey
Russia
For Greece
England
France
Holland
not a little
pitiless muck
the splendid Cactus Speciossimus, which has been in flower for some time past, *BRACKETED* has given increased interest to the Houses
Priesthood
tythe
Property-Tax
British Gin
Licensed Lottery Office Tickets Shares
Mony Lent on Pledges Gripp Licensed Pawn Brokers
Being a compulsory spectator and auditor of a brawling and scratching match, between two drunken Drabs in consequence of a sudden influx of company by whom you are hemmed in an hundred yards deep in every direction, leaving you no chance of escape till the difference of sentiment between the ladies is adjusted - where you stand you are *BRACKETED* closely bounded in front by a barrow of cats meet the unutterable contents of which employ your eyes and nose, while your ear is no less fully engaged by the Tarterean yell of its driver.
Incapacity
Imbecility
Inability
Jests
Satire
Tameness
Assurance
Puns
Independence
It is really very hard to be Obliged to get up from Table in this manner - without a moments notice, - and as pretty a dish of Loaves and Fishes as any Man would wish to sit down to.
Humbly Dedicated to the Keen Critic of Drury Lane, by a poor Author.
D------n my eyes Huza Boreas and John Bull have don for them
I die d *BRACKETED* n stares me in the face
Dam------n is a Jest, the soul is not immortal
natural moral religeous and civil liberty authorizes the murder of a minister thou hast nought to fear
Trusty servants support my faithful Malagrida
Observations on Civil Liberty . . .
Poliph *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  stands by, saying  OPEN>> then my Jewel its all over I should have worried him if you had got him down
Arrah make haste or we shall not be in at the Death
Junius
Letters of Junius
Teague and ambition will be my downfall
Stumbling Blo *BRACKETED* of Ambition
Plan of Economical Reform
Horn of Rebellion
*BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . William IV, in admiral's uniform, knock-kneed and ugly, stands by Wellington *BRACKETED* who kneels abjectly, doffing his plumed cocked hat, about to kiss the King's hand *BRACKETED* . Two naval officers watch from the left, four foppishly dandified and decadent-looking military officers, one a hussar, from the right. The King and the naval officers wear mourning-bands on their sleeves, Wellington and the others, the hussar excepted, wear voluminous mourning-scarves. The King:  OPEN>> You may retain your office for the present, not in consideration of what may be call'd your past Services but that the present state of my affairs—requires that I should have you as a Pioneer to clear me a Road to work upon
Your M sty has done me far greater honor than I either expected or deserved, the dust from your M—ty's Shoe's is too sacred for me to salute much more your gracious hand—
do you see how humble our Waterloo Man is?
This is a death blow to the dear fashions and Vices of the Court—Broadsides, Naval-Songs, Tobacco-chawing, & Pigtails will soon be the ton
Yes—the poor devil look's the picture of humility
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
What things! non descripts, brought home by the Discovery Ships, Esquimeaux.
cabbage
A Poor Taylor riding against time for a bushell of cucumbers N B A Dung!
Avaunt the Satan, I fear the not assume whatever shape or form thou wilt I am determined to lay the thou black Fiend.
Thats right down with them
The Divil of a Lover - Hes much tlame
Peeping Tom
Rising Sun
Cross-going Stars
Satirist
Spare me! choose me & the Dog tax I'll repeal.
You stand for Barks! first strive your deeds to alter.
Behold audacious Candidate this halter.
Bow Wow.
Behold the victim of your poison ball.
Your cursed bullets made poor Rover fall.
We headless puppy-dogs will grant you votes *BRACKETED* We will by G— altho
They dance in a round Cutting capers and ramping A mercy the ground Did not burst with their stamping The floor is all wett With leaps and with jumps While the water and sweat Splish splash in their pumps.
Dear Master in this world I've served you right well / Have you any commands for the other.
Dear Duroc I need not your interest in Hell / For the Devil's my best friend and brother.
Ich Dien
Protestant
Catholic
Catholic
Pull away boy *BRACKETED* & the Protestant Establishment must kick the beam
Hurra! Catholicism for ever
As Chairman, I drink the Prince Regent in solemn silence!!!
The Catholic Faith & all the Talents! Pull boys— pull!!!
Here's down with the Plume.
J. *BRACKETED* Sculptor
Ah well a day my poor heart will allmost Break, 25 years Friendship & use me thus Oh - Oh - Edmund!!!
Black Spirits & White Blue Spirits & Grey & Old nick at their head, to H--l take you away
French Constitution
Treason conspiricy Poor Old England
Bastile
Queen of F------e
Canada Bill
by Lucifer it Boils bravely
This is a sight I wish to see no more a man does weep who never wept Before
Oh Lord oh Lord Order Order the man that betrays his friend &c &c. School for Scandal
Mops & pails
perfectly in Order
If they'd cut each others Throats I should be Relieved from these Troublesome Fellows
Chair Chair
Divorce
Protocal
Send her to Hell
G.R.
Dolby's Carminative, &c
Green Bag
French Dolls
Notes
Protocols
The Good Ship Britannia
Prince of Wales
Regency
Brother were you not a little sea sick lately
Yes the Ship heav'd sadly but now goes as gently and as progressively as a Chancery suit
Oh dear Sir, pray take care of my regency Caps I hope to sell hundreds of them
Oh my dear stay till I am Captain and I will buy them all to give my Wife
Steady at the helm there
Fear not my care of my numerous passengers
Come messmates give us a Chorus to cheer the Ship on her way
To our good King our zeal evince By loyal service to the Prince Come Britons all with heart and hand Support the Rulers of the Land Then shall our Charter our Charter still remain And guardian Angels sing this strain Rule Britannia Britannia rule the Waves Britons never will be slaves
Resplendent Polar Star on thee every eye ardent in hope is fixt for thy clear steady Rays to guide us safely
Dispatches
Nothing shall transpire
That's right Billy lock the fellow up again. Dam the haughty Dons proud Stomacks for not sending better News
Dam your Shilly shally
Vide Newspaper Account of the Country Rangers
Ecod, here's a desperate Flight of Wild Fowl, I donot like the looks of them.
We'll hunt their Covers. We'll preserve their Game for them just to astonish the Natives.
Rot these Young Blades they will never be satisfied, my back is almost broke already
Dedicated to the Members of the Funny Club
Heave a Head there I've got to be Home by Eight
Pull away my Hearty—I say Gog roar us a Stave
Oh I carnt, I hav'nt a bit of Wind in me
Vot ho you two Spanking Scullers, dont row so werry fast there that ant Fare if you Cut away at that ere rate I'm bless'd if you vont knock the New Bridge down
Being a Twitting Report of Successive Attacks on a Tom Tit, his Stout Defences and Final Victory; a New Song, With Original Music, By Lay Logic Esqre Student in the Law of Libel
Silence in the Court.
John English, Old Jury *BRACKETED* N° 12 London
This Light is too glaring for Learned Eyes I shant stay here to be made A Butt of.
Let me remind you Gentlemen! of your Own vile Nonsense. Twit, Twittle Twit: Twit, Twittle Twit.
This is not to be borne—what are we to be twitted to our faces; & must I stay here for ever the Object of profane Diversion? Fellow!—I charge then, no more; Gobble, Gobble, Gobble
O Law! O Law!— shocking! horrible! This twitting is most blasphemous, nay worse, illoyal— Cackle, Cackle Cackle.
Come I say Mother Baggs—hold up your head—you've shown good pluck and hav'nt deceived your backers—how she will crow over us now ah! she's got all the fish fags on her side.
Thra Cheers for our noble selves—be the Lords we done the Job—bad luck to your dirty ould orange basket aney how at all.
Oxford Sauce
My dear Children you have all behaved so well in support of the Holy Church that I freely give you all absolution.
My misfortune arose from getting into bad Company
Catho *BRACKETED* Bill
I am afraid most Holy Father our being kick'd out was principally my fault - I really thought he said Aye when he said No.
I only wish'd to improve the breed of Irish Cattle, and it is hard I should be called home in the midst of my Agricultural pursuits.
My misfortunes have all arisen from my unconquerable propensity to Candle ends and Cheese parings
Mine were but petty Offences and I hope to be forgiven.
4000 Pr An
Man wants that little here below nor wants that little long.
Oh Dear! what will become of me.
Sung with great Applause by Mr. Incledon, in his New Entertainment, called  OPEN>> The Minstrel
The Union Coach
Scotch Members
Hoot man is this the way to the Treasury
Why This is quit warm & Cosey canna ye haud yere tongues ye Bullocking Bulls!!"Dundas, as the guard with a blunderbuss, sits cross-legged on the roof with a bag of  OPEN>> Nuts
I ken the way well enough
Theres the shells for you, ye Quarrelsome Crew
I dont much relish this Union Coach the Guard told us the back seats were the best, by Shaint Patrick the front ones must be bad enough then!
These Paddys in the Basket are the most troublesome People I ever Drove - aye - aye it's a sign they're not used to such Good Travelling - come up there - e up - e up ss - go along - thats your sort *BRACKETED* Hey - Hey - If they grumble so now what will they say when I tip them the Long Trot over the Hard Flints in Parliament Street
Cavendo tutus
It rises majestically
Yes, I feel it
His H------, no doubt, being a lover of the Science, will make some curious Experiments
Looking up has made my Fore-head ake confoundedly
Ha, ha, ha, why - it is our way in France
Platonic Love
Maid of the Oaks
Fête Champêtre
She's a beautiful vessel, indeed, - she seems to move at a great rate on the Equinoctial Line
Aye, my dear Lord, when shall we take a flight from our Platonic Box and Jog together in the Milky-way.
Desined for conveying the high Fliers of Fashion over the Channel, from Dover to Calais, and in which, it being snug, easy and convenient, the enterprising Pair may safely make the Grand Experiment: Che sara sara Ye Masters of Packets! ye poor silly loons! Sell your boats and get Blanchard to make you Balloons, For our fair modern Witches, no longer aquatic, Will never more cross but in boats Aerostatic
Renovating Balsam
Velno's Vegetable Syrup
A Shining Star - in the British Peerage And a usefull Ornament to Society - Fudge
And I *BRACKETED* awoke, and behold, it was a Dream!
Peerage
Robert awake the time is almost come
Police
Sums to Sir Mass . . . for Westb *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Behind Peel's head official-looking books and papers are heaped. Behind him is a window through which is seen the  OPEN>> Home Office
Sur l'Education du Crocodile
Planche 1st
Pl: 2de
Pl: 3me
Les Droits du Crocodile
You be D------n'd
Adieu
Hope
War Taxes
Tax
Corn Bill
Away! ye sordid Scoundrels I will not aid you, in your avaricious Plans, nor assist you, to fill your Pockets at the Expence of my Peoples comfort.
Huzza.
I think the Mob will Triump now—!! Vide Lord —s Speech.
Oh! Dear!
Eagle
Philadelphia
L N
Public Resentment
Sinners Guide
Business done as usual
liberation
India Bill
Oh! that I were safe in Egypt!
Up with him to the Shies *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ;  OPEN>> Give him plenty of it
He delights in high Stations!
Pauvre diable!!! is that the Hero who is to conquer England!!!
We'll toss your Soul out of you!
Up with him again!
You sent my Sweetheart to St Domingo!
Well Bunny have you built any more Castles since you've been up in the Air! Or will you *BRACKETED* some more Conscripts to help you.
Well, are you come to your Senses yet;? Can you behave peaceably.
"A Speech from the Queen
Church
Constitution
honest
Islands to be given away, French Mistresses to be paid for conveying them. fiat Rochford. Massareno.
J
French
German
Dutch
English
Convention to Alexander Dumourier - Give Freedom to all the World
Having more Liberty den we vos know vat to do wid, we vos resolve to give some to all de World - and for de Sword or Freedom give us von little bit of a Contribution.
We wish to retain the Liberty of being governed by Religion and Law
You give us Liberty? you be dam'ed - Let us enjoy commercial Freedom and the right of making Money where we can, and a fig for your Ideal Goddess
*BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  A procession through a churchyard to a church is headed by a fool in cap and bells who leads a blindfolded Cupid. Behind, a toothless old man and a pretty girl dance along together, delighted with themselves and each other. They are followed by three men and a woman, fashionably dressed, all much amused. The verses *BRACKETED* end with Jove's decree:  OPEN>> Folly, never Shall in future quit his side, But from this instant & for ever Be to Love a constant guide
She takes it kindly my Lord
Nan
Charles Wright. Wine Merchant.
Grand Masquerade Argyle Rooms Ticket
Dr. Eady Soho
Flat Bottom Boats
Invasion
Little Ships
St Stephens Chapel 1783
Reynard State Cradle Wrocker
A Sh------n piece of Buisness, this Susan - I am afraid we Shall not in a hurry be able to get out the Stain
And Stinks most horridly, it will require great Judgement to bring it to its former Colour
Frotignac *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Claret
Burgundy
Bla . .
Ro . . Vin de Paris
Vestal, at sea
I cannot express how delighted I am, To hear we have taken Seringapatam
The Chancellor look'd like a frolicksome Ram To hear we had taken Seringapatam.
Dundass fled from bottle, from chicken, and ham To Windsor to tell of Seringapatam.
Will Pitt eat a cake with some rasberry jam When told we had taken Seringapatam.
The Wise India House wrote a letter to cram The news down our throats of Seringapatam.
The Prince gave a nod to his Porter big Sam You hear we have taken Seringapatam.
We are happy to find in this Victory sham, Not an Englishman fall at Seringapatam.
The Vestal it seems had arrived in the Cam, With the news of the taking Seringapatam.
The mighty Tipoo from a. battering ram Got shot in the thigh at Seringapatam.
Pagodas, and cannon, beef, mutton, and lamb, Were found in the streets of Seringapatam.
Lord Cornwallis bestozv'd on each Soldier a Dram, For his gallant attack on Seringapatam.
Great George look'd as sapient as old Abraham When he heard we had taken Seringapatam.
The Stocks were fore'd up five per cent by the flam, Of our having taken Seringapatam
The Gold you were so fond of Is turn'd into boyling lead & you must Swallow it. So much for corn Contractors
Once, twice & thrice welcome, my dear lord - Georgy Your Riots in June, put all Hell in tune
Oh Mr Devil, I acted purely for the good old Cause
This is a damnd ugly place I wish I were Safe & Sound at Bushy
We've play'd to deep This last Cast has Sunk us
By Jesus I hope we are all above going downwards
This is a Tragical Manner of finishing a Comedy
Ah Colonel, Colonel, you Cheated your poor Soldiers But you shan't cheat me
My good Sir, You have out done us all here in Hell for Lying you must now take the Reward due to your ingenuity
Morning Post
ho! Mother Cole! leave me a drop
No-Popery
D--m my Eyes! No popery
I'll hold my bags fast, there are Thiefs even in Hell
Catches & Cannons and Glees
Can I have a Girl here, and good Claret or Champaigne I care not a fig
Ah my dear Jemmy, I am glad to see you, no Girls here but old Quondams enough
Ah! woe is me, wou'd I were Safe in the Cool Isle of Bute
Their proceeding here, are Contrary to all the rules in the Kings Bench I do not like the place
I demur to going any further I'll try to repleven you both out again
As you have brought us thus far you Should not leave us in the Lurch
There will be no Danger of being try'd here I hope for Crim, Con
Expediency
Coronation Oath
Now then Bob! another good home pull, and we shall have him! Bravo—this is no mistake, any how!!
They pull strang against us.
I doubt *BRACKETED* whether we shall succeed after all! Pull away—Your R—l-H—gh—ss—Pull-away!!
The Old, Calfs Head, Lodgings for Single Men by Sb Fleecem
Kind & Tender Usage
Touch me not! I'm still a Maid
Revd Roger Towser's Flail
I C
A Fac Simili of Joannas Seal
Elijah's Mantle
Mohair
Lay it on hip and thigh Brave Towzer Smite the unbelievers—I put no more trust in Bishops as men, than I do in their Chariots and Horses, but my trust is in the Lord of Hosts.
I'll well Dust their Woolsacks and make them drunk in my fury, I will bring down their strength to the earth.
Contents of the Sealing. The Sealed of the Lord—The Elect—To inherit the Tree of Life. To be made Heirs of God and Joint Heirs of *BRACKETED* with Jesus Christ—Joanna Southcott.
Salver
Third Book of Wonders
Know I told thee I should begin at the Sanctuary I will cutt them all off, having already cutt off Four Bishops for refusing to hear her Visitation.
or Symptoms of what Modern Architects, complaisantly term -Settling
Popularity
Gullibility
Sand
The Times
"Reform Bill
settling
The Bill the hole *BRACKETED* Bill And Any-Thing But The Bill
Political Register
Walk up! Ladies and Gentlemen. Only one penny!
Hampshire Bred
How to Raise the Wind
fully accow *BRACKETED* —tred the Hero lay.
Review—PI 2.
Murder
Ill
I hate thee Richard for thy better Parts, mine be the Prize not thine forbore.
Whitbreads Entire The Real Home Brew
Whi....
The Best booth in The Fair whats a Stage without Horses
They are Too Kean for me & will Harris me to Death
Oh dear! what large wiskers! Oh dear! what a great Bugaboo! but I dont fear - no not I - and now I know you're in earnest I'll let loose all the pretty Ships I have hitherto kept in such fine preservation, ay, though you should spoil them - that I will
Negotiation
Constitution Hill
To Cov. Garden
To St. James's
To the Gallows
Patriotism
This is a swinging Brush it smarts D-----y he has Blinded me quite
Ha Ha my old Friend you have Run hard for a little Poxes P-ss. Hood, half a length behind the fox, and in the foreground, says:  OPEN>> Never fear Brother, a little Court Water will soon heal the Smart.
Hack Forward, good Dogs, Tally O Ho W-y he has worried all my Geese & put my Hen Roost in an Uproar
Secret Influence
Prerogatives
Addresses
Petitions &c.
Tally O Tally O my Brave Chelsea Tally O
Wee'l whip him Down by G - d
- vide, the Berlin Telegraph, of May 21st 1807 - Article - the Genealogy of the Royal - Race of the King of Ballynahinch - See Morg Post June 17th.
Royal Pippin
The Royal-Oak
Royal Pippins
William the Norman Robber
Plantagenet beheaded in 1415
Henry de la Pole beheaded in 1538
Duchess of Clarence put to death in 1453
Hungerford Beheaded 1406
Crookback Richard killd at Bosworth
Edmund 4th Son of Henry 3d Beheaded
Countess Salisbury Beheaded in 1505.
Corsican Grafting Knife.
Projet pour Agrandisser les Jardins Imperial
Grafts of King-Pippins for Brentford, Wimbleton, & Botley
Royal-Oak
Protestant Faith
Integrity of the Lords
Independence of the Commons
Liberty of the Press
Catholic Cleaver
Broad-Bottom Hatchet
Whig Cleaver
Corsican Clay
Eutrurian *BRACKETED* Pippin
Wirtemburg Pippin
Saxon Pippin
Holland Pippin
Itaian *BRACKETED* Pippin
Ha! ha! you are Mercy are you but I'll have no Mercy—so There you good for nothing jade take that for persuading the allied Sovereigns to send me to Elba—so take that! that & that!!!
Satirist
Mr Parliament
Bed of Justice
By Proclamation
Order! Order! Clerk take down the words.
Whitbr *BRACKETED* Entire
Decoctn of Log Wood
Catholicon
Essence of Laws
Purgatio Reformatio
Fain would I climb, but that I fear to fall.
If thy heart fail thee Climb not at all.
Alder-Wood
the blasphemer, of infamous fame
Gold Coast Bengal
de Claret - Claret - Claret - Tory - tory - tory.
List of India Directors
de-Claretory Bill
surly
surely
the
chink
thee
To Cheltenham Spa
Whelpic
Nemo me impune lassesit
Sprats from the Royal Canal
Blood & Ouns your Worship give poor pat his breeches!!!!
Here your Worship, I have brought three of those rebelious Naked Vagabonds before your Lordship to be treated your honor according to Law.
Please your worshipful Lordship tell the Constable to give me my Cloathes—sure & little enough I have of them
O! your honor! for the decency of Ireland don't let the Constable sell my poor rags!!!
By my soul I think is Lordship is going to turn us all into Hottentots.
You rascals! how dare you presume to cool your selves in the Royal Canal—? No one in this Country must meddle with Royalty—I think I have prevented further indecency on your Parts—give them their cloathes Constable.
Plan for Reforming the City of Dublin
La what a sight!!!!!!
I think it is a greater shame than it was before—I'm quite shock'd to see it.
Well! I think an Archer Bull is not to be found in Joe Miller.
The Treasury Jar
My Father did so before me.
Aye Aye I've Tip't you the Nando old Beetle Brow, never fear my Love I'll put in a Good Plea.
D------ your Eyes you B------rs why don't you mend your pace.
I will! but dont break my head with the mace.
XIII from *BRACKETED* Lodon
The Loyalist . . .
Reform Ground
I'm the King of the Castle Get down you dirty rascal
This is very well for a flourish
—vide the Resolutions of the Spa Fields & Spencean Societies.
Damnation to the House of Brunswick.
Blood
To be Put in Motion Soon
Challenge to Ld Sidmouth
Venom
Caleb Baldwin
St Hellena The Escape of the French Emperor.
*BRACKETED* un Powder To blow up . . . House of Lords
Hunt for ever
Gall
Gale Jones his Speech . . the last me *BRACKETED* .
Trial for Treason of Watson Prestn &...
Old Stocking full of Gunpowder Spa Fields
A Clyster for the Regent
for the Horse Guads
Poison of Contention
for Olliver
Casels
Arms
Blood
Black Dwarf
Plan of Attack. Place of Rendezvous
Plan of the Tower Treasurey Resolut *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ;  OPEN>> Corres . . . ence Proceedings against Church & State
Key to the Royal Bed Cham *BRACKETED* Calton *BRACKETED* Ho *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ;  OPEN>> More Blood.
Tom Payne
Napoleon
Bank of England
Gas Light Gibbet
attaquons tous ensemble
j'ai une *BRACKETED* faim du Diable.
je le crois bien rassis.
Messieurs je fournirai le vin.
j'en aurai les miettes
Si je pouvais encore me sauver! . . . mais non c'est fini Nicolas est pris.
Le Diable m'emporte s'il en réchappe.
Pour cette fois nous en répondons
O heaven restore peace to my distracted Country & have Mercy upon my poor Orphans
Mother Careys Chickens
Bread & Cheese
10.000
I'll not pay a Visit for nothing, not even to my poor afflicted aged father! People knew that, so they gave me an extra 10.000 a year for that trouble—I dont know what my Relations get for this Duty, but I suppose it is something more than I have, or they would travel as cheap as I do!!
To Windsor IV Miles—London XX
Curacoa
To Gloucester
Cambridge
Psalms
Proclamation. Oyes! Oyes! Oyes! Whoever denies that this here Country of Bulls Land is the most prosperous & happy of all possible Countries! that the people are all free and contented! that the K—g *BRACKETED* is a very proper Gentleman and loves his Wife to distraction! that his Ministers are all honest men! that the Taxes are moderate! and the National Debt nothing at all! that the Parliament is pure! and the Clergy religious! and lastly that the Bridge Street Gentry are all virtuous! I say he lies in his throat like a false traitor, and the Champion here, little Radical Wadd is ready to prove the same—So God save the King—and the Queen— Come along my boys Huzza!—Huzza!!
He pecks again for £100!
Done Mr Devil
The Election Ball
Honi . . .
wastes twenty times as much as its appetite requires
This is the House that George built
This is the man that pulls up and pulls down, | That by novel Erections has spangled the town, | That designed the house that George built.
This is the man by Taxes all torn, | By Tithes, Rates and Imposts is driven forlorn, | . . . | To pay for the house . . .
These are the men that have waited in vain | Whose hope is deffered by the vice of the Reign; | Whose money was sent by the Sovereing of Spain | To requite them their losses unjustly sustaind, | Tis filchd *BRACKETED* | To pay for the house. . .
My Son have no Ambition for my Place | I've caught the gout among this pigmy race, | And well thou knowest thine is better air, | Thine independence too is better fare, | Well too thou know'st what ti's to see much blood spilt, | But canst thou procure cash for the house . . .
Ah great Achilles art thou bent upon slaughter, | Tis only poor Nep wrapped up in plaster | His wars are all over his tars have forsook him, | Like Walton, the Goths have cruelly hooked him, | Exposed him to ridicule, jesting, and laughter, | Of all the land loobies. Indeed fis not Hector, | Forbear then you Greek, Tis our naval protector, | Thev'e *BRACKETED* perched on the house . . .
These are the men who indulge in their laughter, | At the Punches and pigmies cut out of plaster, | At the man with his fork *BRACKETED* and the pudding *BRACKETED* of State, | At the scite wisely chosen to put up a Gate, | . . .| In the Valley of fogs by the Toad in the hole, As Monsieur terms the house . . .!
These are the Tasters of tasteless renown, | That have muddled the thing in a manner their own, | That have piled up a mass of shapeless confusion | In patch, pudding and peacemeal *BRACKETED* have sunk half a million | That the portal have placed that Achilles may see it *BRACKETED* | And the City of Troy in the bog hole beneath it, | That should the great hero have a new prediliction, | He may tumble down headlong like souls to perdition: | So they've guarded the house . . .
These are the men with wisdom collected *BRACKETED* , | Let those blunders and squanders by them be corrected | Unless as is usual all things are neglected, | Let them pull down the thing, or bring it to lot, | Chuse a scite where a King will not die of dry rot, | Midst Brewers & Brickilns, Cads, Dustmen, and Sots, | Where now stands the house . . .
In the year thats now beginning England's King shall have a home, Where the Guards their drums are dinning, Where old Nash has built a dome, Emblem of a Yorkshire pudding! Emblem of a wigless head! Emblem of a dunghill budding, Aptly covered o'er with lead! Engines smoking, Senses choking, Pool in front and Pool in rear, Harlots prowling, Rabble howling— All to charm the royal ear; Thus by taste our purse is dipt on, Hark! the rhymes of Mother Shipton.
May Young Granby rival Old Granby, and Manners never want A Good Manners in his House.
Long life to my Young Recruit, & may You live to see Him Drub the Foes of Old England & equal the Hero of Minden *BRACKETED* .
Church and King! may the Noble House of Rutland never want an Heir, or an Archbishop's Blessing.
O Lud! O Lud! Solomon never utter'd so much Wisdom in this universal World!
May we soon meet your Grace agin on the same joyfull Occasion
If my Good Lord pleases.
Amen,
O the Picture of its Noble Father! O my Chicken my Chicken my Deary.
Good Neighbour Here's Hob and Nob; may you & I Live to be Here Twenty times more on the same merry Concern, & Success to the Old Trade of Basket Making,
With all my Heart, not forgetting the Good Wives at Home.
Tent
Tokay
Claret
Port
Sherry
Cordial
Here Lies the Body of Bishop Blear eyes.
The exact Size not a Barley corn longer. Drawn from One worn on the Wedding day.
Oh! dear Sir! I am afraid you wont get it in
Never fear, give me leave to try - push a little Ma'am - to be sure its rather small for a person full grown like you - but I can stretch it, if you please.
You'll take a larger Size Miss - my Master shall wait on you.
Good heaven! why, the Man is mad. I am quite loose - a size smaller I want - its only an ugly corn that makes me cry out.
Proudfoot Shoemaker
Corns Cut. Feet pared and sweated down to the Fashionable Size on very Easy terms
P. V.O.
Vaderlander Schied *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , and a pipe. On the ground behind, a man lies face downwards, a glass clasped in his hand. On the floor are a paper headed  OPEN>> Rotterdam
Isaiah
Victory
Santisima-Trinidada
Now my brave Fellows I think we may make sure of twenty of them, and here is an Old Accquaintance of Ours that I wish to pay my respects to in particular, you'll Lash us together as fast as possible, and then give her as hearty and warm a Salute, as you have ever been famed for.
Why D-me Jack if this isnt the ship we had a brush with once before! its recon'd the largest in the World I hope we shall get her home that Poll may see her!
Victory
Prodigal Returned
Ephesian Matron
Shylock and Antonio
Alass how changed, no Equipage attends Behind with grateful Cup no menial bends, Those venal hands now thrust him to the Door That stood obsequious at his nod before, The Lamb drest Widow veering with the Wind In Winters sunshine meets a Lover kind All but whose little Heart yet knows no stain Or check their sympathy or look disdain.
Irish Sea
Holyhead
Push on my dear Boy, here's St Patrick and all his wild Irish Pat-riots at our heels -  OPEN>>  The three are linked by a ribbon inscribed  OPEN>> Union Belt
O you terrible Thief with the sword to run away with our Beauty from the Lads of Shillelee! A fellow without any bottom too! Oh murder! murder! ten times murder.
Poor Girl She'll be nicly *BRACKETED* Foster'd in his bosom Ock hone oh.
Old England
Reign of Queen Mary
Oh Father; they want to rob me of my Charge; I will not part with her; entrusted to my care I have the Will and power to make her as mine own, and save one Heretic at least - I know my Power and will exert it for our Cause.
Dear Child! the labours of the Faithfull claim their due regard, that thou hast labour'd to promote our Cause full well I know, and have my Bretheren well informed emancipation is at hand and all depends on thee.
Port
Fox's Book of Martyrs
History of the Massacre of St Bartholomew
Sung with great Applause by Mr. Grimaldi, in the popular Pantomime of  OPEN>> Harlequin Whittington
wanted
come
A Scene from  OPEN>> Midas
cello, violin, and flute. The first holds out a long petition, terminating in figures:  OPEN>> 600
Tegg's Flash Songster
They sing certain songs
Teggs Songs 2
Midas
Midas.  OPEN>> No Public good, can I see in it Man, For Music to be played by any Pub-li-can Who shall oppose my decree?
Thou worthy successor of Dingy Old Jack, Such harmless amusement why should you attack And preclude the poor Foreigners, destitute Sinners! From hearing us play them a tune at their Dinners.
I don't care a fig if you're ever so merry, If you don't play your Music near Bucklersbury.
He will never get over the Brook
Constitutional
Charter—Liberty of the Press—Elective Franchise
Behold the Charter of our Liberties! remember you are responsible for its violation
Bourbon! think on the reign of Terror and forbear—Behold this insignia of Republicism
Martial Law
Heed them not, Polignac—we'll shew an example to all monarchies—and soon shall every Liberal tremble
Factious villains! traitors and libellers! thus for the honor and security of the French Throne, and the check of opinion and anarchy do we destroy thy infernal machines
Le Temps
Le Journal du Commerce
Le National, Estefette
Busy Body
Nightmare
John Ke *BRACKETED* May 15th 1802
Plan of La Guillotine
chapeau-bras
Com *BRACKETED* of Public Welfare
Intire Butt
Mal. y . Pense
Sauce
Vinegar
Milan Commission
Go my lad catch that duck for me its lame & cannot run far
Tis a pity to spoil an old proverb - Birds of a feather flock together
Tis hard to be cut off with a 6th part when I sent up my name for £100,000. I had borrowed money to make up the first payment & I now find I am quite thrown out
Bank
St. Luke Chap. 10 & 4 Verse, Carry neither purse nor Scrip
Monro
Sword of State
I'm sure I could swallow this as well as the Rolls &c &c.—
Law
Age
Clergy
Police Bill
Catholic
Swan River
The Pride of all nature is Sweet Willey O!
You shall all have an old English drubbing to make you quiet
I counsel Your Majesty to give Monsieur the first gripe
I will be Jack of all sides as I have always been
I will have America and be Independent
I will have my Title from you and be call'd King of France
I will have Gibralter that I may be King of all Spain.
Behold the Dutch and Spanish Currs, Perfidious Gallus in his Spurs, And Rattlesnake with head upright, The British lion join to fight; He scorns the Bark, the Hiss, the Crow, That he's a Lion soon they'll know
Oh Lud my poor Pantaloons quite dish'd
Bless me I hope I dont shew my Legs
cit
Why my Dearee I cant carry this load of Rain & dirt and Drag you too
What will my Lord say to this
Well this is a review indeed
Gunpowder from Bedford Square
Matters is now in a proper Train Egad its high time for me to Shirra
Now we are safe go on with it
Lauderdale agt Errol
Constitution
House of Commons
House of Lords
Tree of Liberty
This is the new Dance a la Carmagnole!
cit
Oh what a Beau my Grany
Come and trip it as ye go \\ on your light elastic toe
Mon Général vous voyez ici un Chevalier pret a rompre une Lance Literaire a tout venant
drunkenness, beggary, lewdness and carelessness-a complete picture of . .  OPEN>> Low Life
shabby-genteel
was once one of the gayest young swells upon the town
To Brighthlmstone
Lecale
I like an argumentum ad hominem
I prefer one a posteriori
<<CLOSE   The reasoning's too good / To let me intrude; / And Club's not being trump / I must turn my Rump
"One Kick behind wounds honour more, / Than ten such kicks if given before
Fugiunt pudor, verumque fidesque. In quorum subeunt locum fraudes, dolique, insidiaeque, &c. &c.
Rambler's Magazine
Had I £60,000, my Boys you should have it all
I should like to be Archbishop of Canterbury, tis a d------nd good See
Make me Master of the Ceremonies
Suppose as how you give us the Great Seal among three of us
I wish your Worship would make my Moll a maid of Honour
I should like a Birth at the Exchequer da--me
Ecclesiastical Canons
Knock down Arguments
Did I not always finish by telling you to keep within the Law
Oh dan! did you not swear to pay no tithes and advise me to do the same
So I am to annul the sentence it would have been impossible to execute, its rather farcical I'm afraid
£1,000
This pebble brings us a Thousand pounds, well according to the popular saying its an ill wind blows nobody good
case of Dennis Collins
A LA SOMERVILLE
I shall not fight I dont approve of the war
I shall not fight now, I would yesterday, or to morrow
I can't make out yet whether the Editor means us to fight or not
I shall not fight I dont like it
Reform Hotchpotch
I dont much like the look of it, and begin to think I had better have kept to my old constitutional pudding
John Bull
The Penny magazine
Penny Cyclopedia
Now lets consider as to continuing this here farce of Royalty & religion
Order Order
Order
I should like to know Sir why you raise my rent
Oh! thats my friendship for you that you might vote for Parliament under the new Reform act
Grog
Your King Williams Health Hints waus mine very good friend
Humbug!
The Coarse-Haire *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Bust-portrait of an ugly man with an intimidating scowl and a shock of erect bristling hair. *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> The Bride—of —A—Bye—Dose *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . A bride in her wedding-dress furtively snatches a glass from a decanter on a side-table *BRACKETED* , while on the other side of the door *BRACKETED* the bridegroom waits, drawing on his glove. *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> England Bards & Scotch Reviewers
Paradise Lost
Reform
I declare there shall be no reform
"In Place when at th
Meteor
Costume of a Groom of the Stole
Rotten-Row
Russia
Constantinople
Russia
Constantinople
To what a length Power may be carried
I shall never forget it
By Saint Jago, I'll strip her of her Fur!
Never saw any thing like it
What! What! What! What a prodigious expansion!
Wonderful elevation
The whole Turkish Army wouldn't satisfy her
European Powers
Priesly *BRACKETED* Power
Truth
Justice
Pains
Filth
Penalties
Lies
Broomo's and Denny's judgmatical fire Laid Giffo, with Coppo and C° in the mire
Hudibras
A Catalogue of Books to be sold by *BRACKETED* ction The Rev I Gossett *BRACKETED* D.D. FRS.
A true portrait Dr Gosset.
Mrs Anna Davis
to whip Master Lloyd and some other boys who kept bantam fowls in a yard adjoining her house and disturbed her much . . .
Ovid's Art of Love
to Mr Holland
Pedagogue
charming Jacky Lloyd
Street Fighting
walk in Gemmen and see the shew, two secretaries of State in the Characters of Jugglers working a Prime Minister in the character of a Punch, the first Exhibition of the kind ever seen in this kingdom has had the honor of being performed before both Houses of Parliment with great Applause pray walk in Gemmen
We are good men and true
Sing doodle doodle do...
A Pantomical performance now exhibiting in the Cabinet at St Ja---ss
Dukes Place
Solomon
A virtuous Flame, or, Nuptial Glory
A burning shame, or, adulterous Disgrace
Composing Draught
Opium
Medical Staff
Spain
S
The Illustrious Patron of Reform |  OPEN>> A Sovereign the Poorest Subject would not change
Reform Bill
Invincible
Reform
Extra *BRACKETED* naries
Ways & Means for 1781, Sinking Fund
Budget
Taxes
To London
Bushey Park
To James Sympson, of Huddersfield in Yorkshire, an elderly Broad-cloth Weaver, commanding him to do strange Things in Pall Mall,... To which is added The Woodpecker Travestie; or the Tax-gatherer Knocking....
Retrenchment
the people are perishing for lack of bread *BRACKETED* , while sinecurists and pensioners are wallowing in abundance
a pair of stays, and a bottle of noyeau—dragons with tails *BRACKETED* , and the heads of a divorce *BRACKETED* —a French clock and some Roman fiddle strings *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . He affixed the word  OPEN>> Retrenchment
more determined than ever to pursue their plans of expenditure...
The Woodpecker...
B—m
Yacht
Friends now fast sworn, . . . who twine as  OPEN>> twere, in love inseparable, shall within this hour, on a dissension of  OPEN>> a doit
Shakspeare
good foot path
printing office
Protecteur
Universal Monarchie
Douaniere
Gendarmerie
Daru
Rapp
Victor
Davoust
Vandame
Pariser Kauft
Für Hamburg, Lübeck & Bremen
Term
Pyriphlegelon
Tele graph
Styx
Lethe
Carl Johan
Kutusow
Blücher
Wellington
Siehe ich will von Ahab ausrotten auch den
N
Vidi
Veni
Victoire
Vici
de Leipsic 20 Trop he!
Drapeau
d. 19ten Octobr. 1813
Pasquinus eram
Der Nachstecher
<<CLOSE —  now will canker Sorrow eat my bud, / And chase the native beauty from his cheek,
God save the king
The land we live in and may those that dont like it leave it.
A Philosophical cure for all evils Licentious Liberty is Destruction
See how, beneath the Crown's protection smiles The peaceful Subject of these happy Isles! While equal Laws secure the Peasant's shade, Who dares his well earn'd Property invade?
The Crown remov'd - behold the sad reverse, When raging Factions seize the public purse; Urg'd by the Fiend, and drunk with lawless Power They reign the cruel Tyrants of an Hour
you've Got your Greys yet I see! I thought you wanted to get rid of them
O! no! keep my Greys if I can! but I want cursedly to get rid of my Duns!
No Inside Passenger
Forward
Master says he can't Bang up Prime to Smithfield without some whipcord
Mrs Curd desires you'll curb the Milk Score a little Sir!
Mr Calf the Boot Maker Sir would be glad to touch the Spanish *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ;  OPEN>> Mr Giblet the Poulterer desires you'll not make a Goose of him.
I can't let your Sarvants have any more small beer & brickdust that's pos *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ;  OPEN>> Mr Sheers the Taylor Sir, is reduced to a Button unless you send some stay Tape
Mr Sweetherb the greengrocer will send nothing but Crabs till the Bill is paid; Mr Stilton the Cheesemonger begs you'll consider him and let him have ever such a Mite; Mr Copal the coachmaker can't send the new Curricle, without some of the Main Spring
Mr Sherry the Wine Merchant can't get into Port without you raise him the Wind
Prime of life to go it, where's a place like London!
Windsor Farm Common stage Cart N° 1786
'tis a Collection of Water
Well, I think it is Wind.
I take it to be something between wind & water.
In gude Truth Gentlemen, ye're a
"But man, proud man, dressed in a little brief Authority, plays such fantastic tricks
Scourge
The Sea of Politics
The Liquor of Oblivion
Sinecure 30,000
5000
1000
Dew of Favor
the Fisherman
Delicate Enquiry
Sinecure
Arch Bishopric
the Bishop of B
Gudgeons
Flat Fish
We shall all be dish'd.
Dew
Salery reappointment
beautiful mermaid
The Sea of Polities
Privy Purse
O by Gar Messieurs les Directeurs I have run away as fast as possible, to tell you dat we be all loss, dat Nelson be de Devil, dare vas Le Conquerant vas taken, Le Souverain Peuple by Gar vas Oblige to submit and Oh ma foi such a blow up in de East and if dat Diable d'Anglois had had toiher Eye and tother Arm, by gar you vas never see poor Villeneve any more. Oh I was singe from head to foot, or else I would have play de Devil vid dat D------d Nelson Got dam he vas singe even my Nose.
B****e
Rome
Buonaparte
Diable
Peste
o by Gar dat is not Villeneuve
he be all singe indeed
Map of England
Map of Ireland
Instructions for Admiral Bruyes on his leaving Egypt
Consider Madam, my great Exaltation, and as the Army led to it, - you will excuse a Soldier for visiting you in Boots.
Certainly Sir - and as you make such rapid advances - I hope soon to see you Exalted in them.
Scourge
Retrench! Retrench *BRACKETED* , reflect on the distressed state of your Country, & remember the Security of ye Throne rests on the happyness of ye People; that its lusture *BRACKETED* does not consist in finery, or five-Clawed Dragons—neither is its stability consulted, by treating its supporters with contempt.—
D—n such Economy say I, why I might as well turn to eating husks at once! What the Devil do You want? have I not recommended Economy *BRACKETED* ? have I not enforced precept, by Example? Have I not discharged four of my footmen? What more would you have?!!
Have we not turn'd away a number of petty clerks & supernumeraries? what other retrenchments wod these Grumblers wish for?
curse that Broom 'tis always conjuring up something to frighten us.
Spring Water
Pewter-Pot Bill
Ever guardian of your most sacred rights, I have opposed the Pewter-Pot-Bill!!!
a Mug, a Mug
C. Fox Westminster
Jack Slang - Tree of Liberty Petty France
Vox populi, -  OPEN>> We'll have a Mug! - a Mug! - a Mug! - Mayor of Garret
thee
the
Are his wits safe? is he not light of brain? Shakspeare
against Heaven - and before thee, and am no more worthy------
Honi soit
New Union Act Britains best Hope
Union
"And he arose and came to his Father, and his Father saw him, & had compassion, & ran, & fell on his Neck, & kissed him. - Read the Parable. Verse 16th to 24th.
N° 1 Turf-Characters—"Quoth Hudibrass I smell a RATxxxxx
This sketck *BRACKETED* is dedicated to the Greeks
Zinganee by Gad
Welcome, thrice welcome to my arms most renowned Dismallo! thou Pink of Parnassus thou Adonis of Cavaliers! thou God of Chivalry! do thou vanquish with sacred spear, great Hero, and give me to grasp thy invinsible Shillelee, more powerful than the sword of Rinaldo, or that Terrible Talisman, the Truncheon of Marlborough!
Christ Jasus, what an ass have I been a number of Years; to have doated on an old woman - Heavens! what's her bacon and eggs to the delicious Dairy of this celestial Vision
Eh Master Billy, if I could but take a flight over this Brook I would soon stop your Crowing, I would Knock you off that Perch, I swear by Mahomet, the Pope and all the Idols I have ever Worshiped.
Tuck a roo - too that you never can do!!!
Extraordinary Gazette Convention
Oh! Dam the Dons! if they keep their Word what am I to do with my Oxen
Mayor *BRACKETED* Letter
Oracle
The World
Your Oxen! *BRACKETED* what are we to do with our Biscuits? and We shant have one broke, if we are not to crack the Spaniards crowns, no, not one, dam it.
Convention! Dam the Convention! but a little time back amused with a Dutch Squabble, now tantalized with a Spanish Rupture - Oh! curse it! are we never to have a War?
"This extraordinary Man is now in the prime of life, - Six Feet, Ten Inches in height; - never \\  OPEN>> tastes either Wine or Spirits; takes but one Meal a day;  OPEN>>  & every Morning plunges into an Ice Bath; - \\  OPEN>> his Wardrobe consists of a plain Shirt, a White Waistcoat & Breeches, short Boots, & a Russian Cloak; \\  OPEN>> he wears no covering on his head either by day or night - when tired, he wraps himself up in \\  OPEN>> a Blanket & sleeps in the open air; - he has fought 29 pitched Battles, & been in 75 Engagements
Shield of Virtue
Malice
Envy
Woman Hater
Morning Post
Deceit
Ingratitude
Per *BRACKETED* ry
Cecil W-----y
I acknowledge my Transgressions, and my Sins are ever before me
Victory
Dedicated to the Ladies who so conspicuously exerted themselves in the Cause of Freedom
May every Tyrant feel The keen deep Searchings of a Patriots steel. Churchill.
Morson & Stephenson fee. Ludgate Hill.
Boston Port Bill
Military Law
Boston petition
Boston cannonaded
Commander of a Squadron in the Service of the Thirteen United States of North America, 1779
R
Scourge
Free Trade
Con *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , next which is one inscribed  OPEN>> Bohea
Chater *BRACKETED* Granted to the East I *BRACKETED* Co.
Chinz
Muslins
Nankeens
India Bill
a tour in Buckinghamshire
India Bill
Budget for 1813
In Hume-man Man.
Jack my Son's Speech
Monopoly
Sophistry
Speech
Delusion
Squibs
Crackers
Long Speech
Liverpool
Free Trade
Free Trade
Free Trade
Bristol
Glasgow
Hull
Squibs
Crackers
Impartial Letters
Crœsus
impar *BRACKETED* Letters
India Bonds
Proofs of utility of E.I.C. debts 3.000.000 l, loss to the public £16 000 000 000 gain to the company 10 pr Cent
Commercial Liberty
In the cause of Freedom my impoliteness must be Excused
I cannot Grant it *BRACKETED* ,
cit
Hapless me to be out-elbowed—impoverished—and insulted—by my own children.
Bull
Pillaw
Currie powder
Pickle ...
The Rambler's Magazine
Pension
Thurlo
Bow! wow! wow
When I talk'd of impeaching you I was but in jest
Let us hang together & all those honours & Emoluments will be at our disposal
Honi Soit...
10,000
Where are their Remonstrances now? Oh rare London Tavern!
Deel down wi ye all ye loons, here is my Mon con give ye all a Drubbing.
Oh Lord Oh Lord! I shall be down.
S
Zounds! shall this little Wine Merchant out-weigh us all?
We are now convinced that the weight of a city Alderman is not by any means equal to that of a court Alderman, especially if they are weighed in the scales of administration. The Patriotic Citizens seem to have lost all their influence, and Lord North has had very little difficulty in supporting a majority upon all occasions
oh ma femme qu'avez vous fait
oh mon cher pour cette fois le C------a emporté la tete
quam dolendo
Mon père étoit pot ma mère etoit brocey *BRACKETED* et ne pouvoit etre autrement
To Versailes
To Paris
Nous savons ausi *BRACKETED* bien que les Canoniers mettre le feu au canon; tuez les, tuez les tous
Vive la Nation
si vous êtes traitre on vous traitera ainsi
District des cordeliers
Dieu soit Loué nous ne manquerons plus! nous avons notre Boulanger et la Bouchere et la petit mitron avec nous oh vous ne vous echaperai *BRACKETED* plus
Vive la Nation
chacun y trouve son avantage
Desist Rascal, or my Husband shall fight you!!!
by St Cecelia, poor Pat is ashamed to look will I not thro my hat at it.
Berkely Square
Collings Evening Brush
To the Curious in Mutton at that Well known Shop
*BRACKETED*  OPEN>> Lend me your ears,
. Alderman Thompson stands in profil perdu at the head of a table at which are seated men with the heads of asses and wearing gowns, who listen intently. The ass-man on his right reads  OPEN>> The Times
I am very sorry Gentlemen, for what I have done, I voted 'tis true according to honor, and consistency; but what had they to do with the question? I ought to have known that such a course would not have been pleasing to you—Indeed I acted thro
approved good  OPEN>> Masters
Hunter
Conspiracy
Treason
Bob; Bob let us run and tell the King
We must for our own sakes
I ax Pardon for Coming in with my hat on without Knocking - but hearing a nation thumping in your Workshop - thought I I *BRACKETED* may as well step up stairs, and see what the youngster is about.
Dont be alarm'd Johnny - I am only making a few little ships, for my own Private amusement.
The \\ Party \\ Supported by Corresponding Citizens
Marrowbones and Cleavers by Corresponding Citizens
Majesty of the People
The Standard Bearer in Half Mourning with the Chicken *BRACKETED* chaunting the Elegy
Right of Man
Parson H-----e T-----e *BRACKETED* reading the Service
Chief Mourners
Regalia of the Deceased
couchant
Kentish-Oath's
Toasts and Sentiments
Old Wigs
worn out Liberty Caps
Boney-parte
Libert *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The pall, bordered with tricolour, has three side-panels, and one,  OPEN>> Injusti *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , partly visible, in front; each of the three has a bonnet-rouge; beneath it, representing *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> Plunder
Murder
*BRACKETED* erjury
*BRACKETED* for Boxing
Leakes Pills
Battalion
Farewell! I go! I'll see! I'll conquer! at my return I'll greet our Son with a new title.
I will kill the people as my papa does.
Kiss him, then, my dear! and he will bring you some of the naughty Russians to Kill *BRACKETED* .
That's right my boy, cause war to rage  OPEN>> And rise the Tyrant of a future Age.
Begar de brave Galanté Shew - for Jonny Bull.
Here we come Johnny - A Flag of Truce Johnny - something like a Piece! all deckd out in Bees, and stars and a crawn *BRACKETED* on her head - Not such a patch,d up piece as the last.
You may be d-----d. *BRACKETED* and your piece too! - I suppose you thought I was off the watch - I tell you Ill say nothing to you till I have consulted Brother Bruin and I hear him grouling teribly in the offing
Portland Place
the Portland Place Archer
British Constitution
Rights of England
Privileges of the People
Voice of the People
Fox & Liberty
Friends freemen Britons all your strength be tried To quell oppression stem corruptions tide Let shouting plaudits fill resounding air And Fox & virtue set in freedom's chair
Defence of Orthodoxy
Circular Letter, to the Clergy of St David's in Wales - Beware how you dare to talk of science during Elections *BRACKETED* - terial Influence at your Peril.
Rochesters Jests
Essay on *BRACKETED* | - . . ford Edition
Ghost of Clarence
John Bull
A present from the Thane
The ****** A**
Prerogative! prerogative! now my dear boy, Pam, cut him, hack him, slash him!
The Sward of Rinaldo
Such be the fate of Tyrants! The bull is snorting D-n prerogative
N° 115. Series of Degradations
Brimstone you fool—? he is used to that—No—no,—tip him only the smell of De Berengers Book & he'll bolt to a dead Sartanty.
Avast ratting my Lord it's only paper burning!—Why, he sculks by Goles.
Affidavit
We, the Electors of W—t—r, charge you to return to your Parliamentary duty, We, who so indefatigably laboured to whitewash you, however dirty the Job!,—We, who obeyed your catch-penny Call; We, who bolstered up your fruitless efforts at Dunghill *BRACKETED* slippery Popularity!!!
Your Popularity is all Stuff; my own Dunghill will ever be dearer to me. If you want my Services subscribe 2 pence each to pay off these Executions.
Instead of defying the Laws of his Country his duty is to defend them!—Will you pay my bill?
Trust to my Lords Honor, as the bailiffs did, & mayhap he will pay you.
Only tell him that Cornelius Cochrane who whitewashed him in the Bench *BRACKETED* is here, Brush & all.
Wanted on Mortgage £10,000 havg Occasion for the same, to avoid *BRACKETED* Indictmt & to trick *BRACKETED* Executs.
Strong Box N° 1. expected to be filled with Pence
seized by Us ... & found full of—Cobwebs
Executn Warrants May 1817
The Adventures of  OPEN>> the great Ass
The price of this plate, which has only had two proofs taken from it, is 6 Guineas, Money, but to induce Mrs Humphrey who is particularly wished as the publisher, that price will be taken out in Caricatures of her own publishing of course reckoning such at a Trade price 2/- for 3/ to make them *BRACKETED* Money, and from 6 to 12 Imps cold for the Designer
French Habits. N° 12
A long white waistcoat *BRACKETED* , a blue sash, blue pantaloons, a short blue cloak with red lappet; a black round hat, with a white feather streaked with blue and red: half boots
Order, Gentlemen of the House of Commons
Order, Order!
"Ah! but some of these were not there
Hunger & Poverty Bench
Whom I have put together let none put asunder
Charley is at his Old Tricks!
The Speech of the Right Hon: C. J. Fox in the House of Commons, On January the 22d *BRACKETED* , 1779. The Noble Lord *BRACKETED* after owning that we had no foreign Alliances had triumphantly spoken of unanimity . . .
Parl. Hist.
Beauties of Fox, North, and Burke, 1784
Political House that Jack Built
the Crown
Self
God save Great George, Our King.
Notice of Ejectment—as the Premises are undergoing a Thorough Repair.
Hold my dear Rodney, you have done enough, I will now make a Lord of you, and you shall have the happiness of never being heard of again
Most Sublime Monarch! I greet you in the name of His High Mightiness the Emperor, my Master; Who presents, thro
Histories of the Tête-à-Tête annexed . . .
You smil'd when like a Shuttle-cock I flew, The scene is chang'd, and mine's the Triumph now - Despair ye Clods, behold the distant Shore, And for Cork-Rumps in vain the Gods implore!
H—e what have you got there?— a norway Rat—
No—it came from Baring's straits! you may have a present of it and welcome; as I know you have a partiality—some would say a fellow feeling—for the Rat species
Fine Begum Hastings a Lack *BRACKETED* a Peck
Truth must come out! there's no denial
You'll have a Fair & Noble Trial
He who acts upright in his station Dreads not the censure of the nation For Truth o'er all will yet prevail While Justice holds her equal scale Be candid then, to every Party And prove your mind is true & hearty Time will determine which is right And banish envy malice, Spite
Vide. The Diplomatique's late Journey through Paris.
Ha, diable! - va't  OPEN>> en! Impertinent! - va't  OPEN>> en! - is dere von Man on Earth who not Worship little Boney? - Soldats! aux Armes! revenge! - ah sacre dieu! - je suis tous Tremblans *BRACKETED* .
S
Scourge
cit
Ireland
Catholic Bill
Johnny how do you like the Union! how do you like emancipation?!!!
Hanover
Guadaloupe
Give me this Cake John— it is too large for your Swallow & by your leave I will take a little Blood from you to prevent your dying of Plethora.
Sweedish Tap Tub
Poor John Bull ha! ha ha!
West Indies
East Indies
Free Trade
A long pull & a Strong pull & a pull Alltogather.
Monopoly
cits
Here we go Johnny two to one we win the day.
Have mercy on me & do not send me thus maimed to congress I can hardly distinguish Friend from Foe in the severity of my sufferings.
President
D—n that Bull Dog the Shannon he has gored the Cheesapeak. if the English Ministers will but keep him out of our way we'll pepper this leg.
British Navy
Take off my Muzzle! let me get at him. Bow woo woo.
Hanover
When you have finished your labors Gentlemen bring him *BRACKETED* to me & I will prepare his Epitaph.
For the Brave Wellington Johnny's Free gift in aid of successful Valor & a Glorious Cause £1000
Sicilian Subsidy 10000£
Benningsens baistings
Corsican Broth
Westphielea ham
How do you like Benningsen Baisting —Master Bony—and your Frogs.
Our situation may be fun for you—Mr Bear—but Death to us.
Russia Iron
I'll Roast—Beast *BRACKETED* —Dish—and Devour you, he Smoaks Brothe *BRACKETED* Bruin—an other turn and he is done.
Russia duck
Sop for Cossacks
Bears grease
French Capers
Russian Sauce
Ice Cream
for Particulars inquire of Vilmarcati, Brown, and Rastelli.
40 Francs each for good staunch Witnesses; Fortunes may be made.—Instruction at the Commission Warehouse,  OPEN>> Qui en veut.
Gold
To Milan
"Ah! such a pair was never seen,
Reform
Grey Chop
Corf Castle
Bishopscastle
East Love
Boroughbridge
Old Sarum
Saltash
A New Dialogue
Russell's purge
decay'd Old Constitution
'King William
Reform!  OPEN>> A New Red Hot Radical Stave—by Mr. Ford.
The King's a Reformer, that's clear; that's clear; Which makes him to all Britons dear; Oh! dear; Old Nosey's a noodle not worthy his care, Only fitting to carry rank guts to a bear
Jack you dont mount the Horse the right way - but it is sailor like to look one way and row another.
I dont mount this here horse the right way!! you lubberly swab you dont know the way I'm a going.
To Leather-head
Check to your King, remember it is not the first time, and I think a very few Manœuvres more will completely convince you that I am better acquainted with the Game I am playing than you are aware of.
Curse it I shall lose this Game; You are too much for me.
Honi soit
Scourge
cit
O John I've bought such pretty things, now don't look so cross.
O! Pa! that nice young Hofficer told me I was just like that picture of Wenus. O dear Pa what a sweet place every thing so cheap!
Yes—and your poor father & all his honest industrious family will be bankrupts Hussey—Curse such innovations I say.
I have a little demand Sir of six hundred Pounds for jewellery due to Mr J—ies *BRACKETED* .
I'll attend you directly, and—take the benefit of the Act. I'm d—d glad.
Dear Countess your husband's gone into the other room; I've slipped a letter into that book naming time & place.
Very well—you rogue be punctual.
Och give me some ice by the powers my flame consumes me.
I shall be at the Opera this evening.
I say, you know Cousin Toms in Soho Square?
Pshaw! that an Old Story, Now do Sir, admire this Article you shall have it uncommonly cheap.
I dare say, for I'm sure it's second hand, & common enough.
I'll take this packet of rouge—but have you no little article for a young woman who has unfortunately lost her teeth.
we do not sell these things publickly but here Ma'am is some Paste Pearls with directions—but & do Madam try this bloom de l'Enclos you will look so young with it.
somebody told Aunt you was a footman, but I don't believe it, & if you are I've Ten Thousand pounds independent of them all.
Have you indeed! Oh! you sweet creature!!
Cobbett, Hunt, O'Connel, Blackwood, Van Halen, De Potter, Tom Paine, Carlile &c. &c. &c.
Age of Reason—Rights of Man
Cobbett's Register Price only Sevenpence
Just publish'd a new Edition of Volney's Revolution of Empires
Hunts Blacking and Roasted Corn
Vive La Liberté! Vive La Revolution Vive La Republic
Ecod! it seems a Nice piece o Beef, and looks nation well where it hangs, but I hardly think it worth the Trouble of getting at it; for may be I shan't like the taste on't after all
Washington \\ 2000 Men \\ make the \\ Application. \\ Champion of \\ Liberty. \\ Sovereign \\ Majesty. \\ People & &.
Drum away, Billy!! I wish they were all drummd out!!
Ambition
Aut Cæzar aut Nullus
Duplicity
Whats Duplicity, Why, Coalesing with the Man that  OPEN>> deserved a Halter
Whats Patriotism? a Pension to oppose the Government
Whiggism
Whats Whiggism? why, that the Prince of Wales has a right to be regent without the consent of the People
Maidstone Oaths
Majesty of the People
Shakespeare Tavern
Republicanism
1st Insist, we have done Every thing we ought to have done 2 They have Provoked us Neglected and treated us with scorn. 3 How desirous we were of Peace Fraternity & Equality. NB not to mention our underhand Proceedings. 4 Soften the Massacres. 5 Abuse our Adversarys 6 If likely to Termiate *BRACKETED* against us to Demurr to the matter of form or move an Arrest in Judgment
Satirist
A Letter to Sir Richard Phillips Knt
Stranger in Ireland
M.S.S. Travels by the *BRACKETED* Author
M.S.S. Stories for the Rising Generation
ABC
Provisions for the Hog's Feast
The Hog Benighted A new Song
*BRACKETED* ly Magazine *BRACKETED* lips
Drury Lane
Valiant Townsend
When Sampson as Justice - by Soldiers defended, Went to quell wicked Whigs who've mild peace oft offended, Bold Brindsley seiz'd on him, & swore he'd well shake him, Crying, Justice ne'er did, nor e'er should overtake him. Bow, wow, wow Sampson down on his knees like a Saint at devotion, Drops his Jaw-Bone, - while F-x seconds Brindleys mad motion The Guards do their duty - prick Charles - he beseeches And alarm'd, then let's fly - thro
England
France
We beat you every battle
you Lie
Indeed I heartily forgive you, & will make you Rulers in my stead.
Inquisition
Forgive us for what? for bringing you home again thro Seas of our Countrymens blood, tis well we possess the Hereditary dignity & noblemindedness of our Ancestors, or we should not forgive you.
Spain—We Will be Free
South America Free
Poor Old Chap!!
"Of course vested Interests will be respected
How! no such thing as vested Interests in our days
That is one of S—ft—n
G.P.
Long Live Britannia's future hope
The Prince & old England for ever
Success to the Howards - Russells - Percies *BRACKETED* - Cavendishes - Benticks - Spencers and Earl Fitzwilliam
The Ax ought to be differently employed, he borrows two Millions, to pay off one - Damn his Finance and Excise.
That's right my Girls shower your blessings on him He will by & by excise all he dislikes about You.
Bring him to me & I'll pay off the National debt This is what the Country owes him.
Test Act Repeal
Comparison between two Candidates
The Wolf and the Lamb are not more opposite - One hath fought the good fight, and dwelleth in the Harbour of Grace, with a good conscience under a Hood - the other hath also conquered, but whom, my Brethren, why, Wives and Maidens - Oh ye Electors, take heed of your Daughters, for he delighteth to revel in the Port of iniquity. &c. &c.
Election Expedient a new thought
Paris
the British Navy
Malta
Monsieur Jean Bull I think I have seen this little Gentleman before - he was with us in Italy.
O Yes Sir - he is a great Traveller - but don't come too near him, he is very choleric - he put himself into a great passion with me about the sugar plumb I hold in my hand. - indeed if it was not for my little chain and padlock, I could not keep him in any kind of order.
We shall never forget him in Switzerland.
My frow once persuaded me to shew our house and he took possession of the whole premises.
By St Deigo he is a curious little fellow.
N° 25.......
I promise to pay to Messrs Long face, Widemouth & Dumps, / or Bearer, Twenty Maravedis, when the Golden Dreams of the / Outs shall have been realized, and when the most dearly beloved / Loaves and Fishes shall have been placed within their grasp. / London the 29th day of Feby *BRACKETED* . / For Vantaxwell *BRACKETED* , Lord Pat *BRACKETED* & C° *BRACKETED* Solomon Snugbirth / Maravedis TWENTY / Entd Sinecure Rosey.
Good Mr V. crown all my wishes Do let me taste the loaves & fishes; I do entreat you!—let me in, I'll gnaw a crust, or suck a fin. L
WR
the cad
lork I know you well enough
10
W R
Hibernian Magazine
Vide Sr Francis Burdetts speech
A Jailor
You wont be physic'd by my Son, eh you rascall? then you shall go into the black hole till you will.
A Gardiner
I did not know you was a gardener Mr Higginbottom.
O yes I'ts *BRACKETED* all in my way of business Maam I exports Natives and imports Exotics from Botany Bay.
A Manufacturer
You Idle scoundrel is that all you have made to day. I'll discharge you depend on it.
Indeed Sir I have been hard at it for eighteen hours.
A Farmer
I think I should know you! didn't you belong to my Sheep walk once.
to be sur I did Governor and took a little bit of an Oath for you.
An Alderman
How dare you contradict an Alderman do you know I can send you to Quod for that.
Na I did not indeed your Worship! but you shall always have it your own way in future.
1. 10. 0
£2. 0. 0.
A Captain
You sir ther with the carotty wishers!! I see you sneering at me. don't you know I'm your Captain and can put you in irons.
Captain forsooth! these fellows will make the word Captain Odious.
May I Not Do What I Like With My Own
Shocking Bad Whig!
Gillray, 1792
Vide Monthly Recorder June the Ist 1792. The Pupils of Birch or the Severe Aunt a Scholastic Scene Frequently Performed by Lady Eliza W******. The Beauty of Worcester upon her Juvinile Offenders Her usual recepta for the Cure of Idleness, Carelessness. &c. &c &c. See the Vth Chapr of the above work.
vide The Covent Garden Monthly Recorder June Ist 1792. The Pupils of Birch The Severe Aunt and Governess and the Lovely Flagellation
Who can deny that the schoolmaster is abroad? *BRACKETED* . A Free version of a Certain Speech with a slight addition by H.B.
You are a very handsome promising Pupil! and I have great hopes of you: but you have some faults—you talk too much and upon too many subjects—you are also too fond of popularity If you would prosper here you must correct these errors; I gave the same advice to your friend Dan, but he would not take it and you see what he has come to
Petition
Radical Reform
Against a general fast
Petition
Hunt's Matchless
If we cannot use the Springs of the Irk we will use Our Own
to East ham
We defy the Mill Owners! Brother we must have a Patent.
To Rochdale
A new mode of Supplying a Canal with water where it cannot be obtained without Injuring the Mill Owners.
a Farce performed with rapturous Applause at Drury Lane Theatre Motto for the Farce. And Folly clapped his hands and Wisdom star'd. Churchill.
The Caravan or the Driver and his Dog a Farce.
The Critic or Tragedy rehearsed
Carlo
------methinks it were an easy Leap
Humane Socie *BRACKETED* recovering drowning persons] It is recommended That Dog Kennels *BRACKETED* stationed at all Ho *BRACKETED* public Entertainment for the Benefit of drowning persons.
Resolutions respecting the Chancellor of the Exchequer - 40000 - Bank of England - Boyd & Benf *BRACKETED* - Trotter - Jellicoe - Speculation - Participation
Arraignments *BRACKETED* for a new Coalition
<<CLOSE   - Yes Sir, I do assure the Right Honble Gent
though our lives have ever been opposite, though in \\  OPEN>> almost every instance we have disagreed, & though I have \\  OPEN>> constantly blamed the whole of his conduct, yet I should \\  OPEN>> be everlastingly unhappy had it turned out that he had \\  OPEN>> acted wrong or had soiled his hands in the manner we \\  OPEN>> meant to attribute to him; - I do say Sir, that during \\  OPEN>> my whole life, I never did suspect, I never had the least \\  OPEN>> suspicion of any thing dishonorable in the Right Honble Gent
and from every species of Corruption, I do declare most \\  OPEN>> solemnly, my mind has always most completely \\  OPEN>> acquitted him! - he will be held up to posterity \\  OPEN>> and cited as a bright example of Purity Integrity and Honor!
Political Union, to save the Country from Buonaparte and the Doctor
Whitbread's Entire
Here! - Here! - Here!!!
State of . . . Na *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ;  OPEN>> Enquiries into the Public Offices
Yes I find they'll be all prov'd Honest, so I'll destroy my Papers too!
O how I shall enjoy to sit down with him, upon the Bench of Honesty
an Immaculate Statesman! - just like my own Papa
Notes and Speeches for the Political Register
Why, he deserves a Statue of Gold more than Porcupine himself!
O he's an Angel of Light! - a Cherubim of Glory!
he scorns a dirty Cause, I vow to G-d
last shift
Leakes famous Pills
The comforts of Single Life. An Old Song
Ariadne Forsaken
Reform
OPEN>> ——fruit *BRACKETED* WIlium *BRACKETED* , et ingens | Gloria Teucrorum
OPEN>> ——O Miseri, qua tanta insania, cives? Creditis avectos hostis? out ulla putatis Dona carere dolis Danaûm?
— *BRACKETED* . *BRACKETED* Behind the horse are the Trojans *BRACKETED* , cheering wildly. Tugging in a row of four are the Greeks: Grey, Durham, Lord J. Russell, and Lord Holland; facing these and also straining at the ropes, but walking backward, is Brougham *BRACKETED* . On the broken wall of the city:  OPEN>> Ruina Republica
OPEN>> Accipe nunc Danaüm Insidias, et crimine ab uno Disce omnes.
The Wonderful Flights of Edmund the Rhapsodist, into the sublime and beautiful regions of Fancy, Fiction, Extravagance, and Absurdity . . .
The Pyramids in the back Ground contain millions of slaughtered Victims to the divine Right of Kings, or the sanguinary Principles of the Priesthood of all Ages. The Characters are explained in the Pamphlet
White's
Brookes's
tree of Liberty
Libertas
Great Bedfordshire Ox
Thelwals Lectures
Letter to the Duke of Bedford
Reflections upon a Regicide Peace
Vive l'Egalite
Remains of the Treasury £
Requisition from the Bank of England
J. Hall Apothecary to the New Constitution Long Acre
Killed off for the Public Good
Magna Charta
New Code of Laws
Marsoiles *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* Hymn
Rule Brit *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* . In the street outside and in the foreground *BRACKETED* is a basket containing the head of Dundas and a set of bagpipes; it is labelled  OPEN>> To the care of Citizen Horne Tooke
Waste Paper 2d pr £6
Acts of Parliament, Bill of Rights, Statutes.
Treatise upon Fortifying the Coast
Vive la Liberté
New March to Paris by Betty Canning *BRACKETED* & Jenny Jenkison
EO
Eyes right
Hold up your Head that Man there!
Retirement
The Directors in the Suds or the Jaghire Factor dismayed at the Ghosts of the Black Merchants
black merchants
Thou maker and destroyer of nabobs, princes, and traders! . . .
truth and justice are too powerful for hypocrisy and guilt
Holy Bible
Come along Rogues
I think I'll peach
Beggar's Opera
If laws were made | For every degree | That a Rich Rogue shod suffer | As well as me | I wonder there's not | Better Company | on Tyburn Tree
the Cad
Beggar's Opera
Tis Woman who seduces all Mankind
Oh Dear me what will poor Mrs A. *BRACKETED* do now
O she'l do very well on the Country allowance you may consider it as good as a Pension for her
cake
Thy Kingdom, Stanisl'us, is now at stake, To four such stomachs, 'tis a mere plumb-cake.
a King more savage than an Indian
lets the Emperor of Germany *BRACKETED* and the Empress of Russia go snacks; while he offers the King of France a share to keep him from attacking Germany
evil on itself shall back recoil— Milton—
Charter Liberty
Courier Francais
Journal du Commerce
Galignanis Messenger
National
Constitutionnel
Messager des Chambres
London Express
This is a good way—we must try it
The Hive overturned
vive la Charte
A bas les Despotes
A bas les Bourbons
Legion *BRACKETED* Honor
Nelly Rogers shall be Queen ! hear it ye winds and bear it on your rosey wings to Heaven !
From the Corporations of Puddledock, Hockley in the Hole, Labour in Vain Hill, St Giles's, Garrat, Wapping, The Mint, Vinegar Yard &c. &c. &c. &c. &c. &c.
*BRACKETED* this list will not open John Bull's eyes then say I am Pompey the Little *BRACKETED* , 1751). His identity is made clear by his wooden leg and livery gown; he wears a fool's cap on which a demon is etched. Behind Pitt stands Dundas, with three faces and wearing a Scots cap surmounted by a weathercock which points towards Pitt. He holds the Prince of Wales's feathered coronet above Pitt's head, saying *BRACKETED* ,  OPEN>> All the Weird Sisters Promised, King, Prince every Thing
Ever fixt to one Point
Billy is a brave cheeld I'll serve him to the last hour of his Political Life
Coronets a Shilling apiece, Stars and Garters sixpence
Honi
*BRACKETED* nce *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Behind him stands a raving madman without a wig flourishing the mace and saying,  OPEN>> Who challenges Mad Tom! dam the Whigs and Tories!
Benevento's Devils were nothing to this
Messenger for Vienna to be sent off by the first Vessel
for Berlin
for Petersburgh
*BRACKETED* or *BRACKETED* tantinople
for Sweden
for Paris to be Shipp'd off in Twenty four Hours with as much Secrecy as possible
I cant think in my heart what he be about. - what the dickens be those Men tied up in sack for? tis nation hard he wont let I into the secret - however I shall be very shy till I know more about it!!
Private Correspondence \\ Secret Bottom
My dear Tally Things go on swimmingly John Bull swallows . . . omnium
I reciev'd your last Messenger and sack perfectly safe, nothing could be better pack'd - I send you one in return Yours . . .
Reign of Napoleon
Secret Service Money
Bubble Bubble Toil and Trouble
Price of Omnium for the last week - Humbug 79 1/2
Sugar Plums for John Bull
Place des Victoires
décrotteur
A La Dauphine St Louis Décrotevé
décrotteur
Am I thus Protected?
Hollo Neighbour! what are you asleep
Dedicated to all the City Gourmands.—to be had at all the Taverns in the United Kingdom
Wrights Cham *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* , squirting the explosive contents at his assailants. A big frog points a spear on which three small frogs are spitted. On his bedside table besides candle, box of  OPEN>> Dixon's Pills
Turtle & fresh Cod
Roast beef & à la mode
Veal and Mutton
Pork and Venison
Pheasants & Pigeons
Lobster & Sturgeon
Turkey and Capon
Goose and Salmon
Turbot & Ducks
Shrimps in Pots
Frogs à la Crapodine
Anguille &c à la diabletine
May our heaven born minister be Supported from Above
"Now singing shrill, and scolding oft between, / Scolds answer foul-mouthed scolds.
frow
I oft times heard Will's wife declare | that the Breeches she would wear &c &c.
A great many years ago, when Dr Hugh Blair & I were sitting together in the Pit of Drury Lane Play-house ... I entertained the audience Prodigiously, by imitating the lowing of a Cow. - . It is continued from the accompanying footnote, ending,  OPEN>> My dear Sir, I would confine myself to the Cow!
Scourge
Sea Calf
false blubberhead
The Soldier Tired
Syren
M—r C—r
Political Consistency
Boa Constrictor
Elijah's Mantle
Ireland Sold
Libel
Lurcher
My dearest Dear
Sleeping Beauty
Lose no Time
the Old Buck
Poll Hazard
Times
East Indi . . . Bankrupt
Carrion Crow
ex officio
The Raven
Parliamentary Re *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* . Behind this group is a rock in which is the entrance to a cave from which a lion emerges with the head of Whitbread, the largest head in the design, but unrecognizable. Against the rock sits an orang-outang with the head of Norfolk, wearing a ducal coronet and a star; his earl-marshal's baton is under his arm and he holds a tankard and glass *BRACKETED* . On the extreme right, emerging from trees, are the head and shoulders of a  OPEN>> white doe
the Kidling
Dutch Pug
Catholick Claims
Fair Penitent
Romeo & Juliet
Howe do you like your new friends my old Buck *BRACKETED* .
Navy Treasury,
Truth
golden eagle
Ich Dien,
P.P.
Mongrel Cur
Morning Herald
Cork Bullet
Morning Herald
Curacoa
Suppers Fetes &c. &c.
WE • PRAISE • THEE • O • PRINCE • WE • ACKNOWLEDGE • THEE • TO-BE • THE - OLD • BUCK
Nemo me impune Lacessit
Jack Minor
Arcui non meo confide
A
tull froth & fume on oor side the Question; what says tull't jock
Say, why if I crack there is 500 £, pr Ann for Poor Jack *BRACKETED* if my bottle holds tight, if that fails me I'll apply to you - you Understand me - I'm sinking going - going farewell.
Biennial Nos Anno{1774/ 1775} No 45
Wa . . . king Dreamers
1
2
3
Huzza our Jack for ever, every Pint pot is to hold a Gallon my boys, down with the free booters
Ay and every Quartern loaf is to fill a Bushel, down with the Rents & Taxes my Boys.
they shan't Rob & murder us again I warrant me, have at 'em.
I'll drain both Jew & Gentile
We are quite exhausted my Lord
Will you give Twenty p
Vacuum lie
Annihilation of Empire by Ld N-----h
America
The goose & Golden Eggs
It is my opinion Gentlemen that there has been foul play some where, and that we ought to have more evidence
I hope they dont suspect us what do you think
It is a strange business and I dont know what to think!
I think that there are some persons in this room who ought to be taken into custody upon suspicion
Our verdict should be wilful murder against some person or persons unknown
I think it possible that animation may be restored
I am for justifiable Homicide
I think the defunct died by the visitation of God
It is my opinion that the deceased committed suicide while labouring under a temporary fit of insanity
I object to the word Temporary, for it is my opinion the defunct was always insane
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
The Calender
DEMOCRATIC INNOCENCE. The young Buonaparte, & his wretched Relatives, in their native Poverty, while Free Booters in the Island of Corsica.
DEMOCRATIC HUMILITY. Buonaparte, when a boy, receiv'd thro
Sur la Guerre
Vauban
Principe Militaire
Sur I'Exercise Manuel
DEMOCRATIC GRATITUDE. Buonaparte, heading the Regicide Banditti which had dethron'd & Murder'd the Monarch, whose bounty had foster'd him.
Vive le Egalité
DEMOCRATIC RELIGION. Buonaparte turning Turk at Cairo for Interest; after swearing on the Sacrament to support ye Catholic Faith.
Alcoran
Propyläen-Weltgeschichte
DEMOCRATIC COURAGE. Buonaparte, deserting his Army in Egypt, for fear of ye Turks; after boasting that he would extirpate them all
DEMOCRATIC HONOR. Buonaparte, overturning the French Republic which had employ  OPEN>> d him, & intrusted him with the chief Command.
Vive la Convention Une & Indivisible
Constitution de I Ann: 3.
Arrêts
ordres
Liberté
DEMOCRATIC GLORY. Buonaparte, as Grand Consul of France, receiving the adulations of Jacobin Sycophants & Parasites.
Addresse du Corps Legislatif
Homage du Senat Conservatif
Addresse de Tribunate
Ad *BRACKETED* I'Abbe Seyes
Camb. Mod. Hist.
DEMOCRATIC CONSOLATIONS. Buonaparte on his Couch, surrounded by the Ghosts of the Murder'd, - ye Dangers which threaten his Usurpation, and all the Horrors of Final Retribution.
Poison
Democracy
The Progress of the Emperor Napoleon
Gillray
Napoleon
Napoléon en images
You lub me Massa
Lets me alone for dat Massa.
To reign is worth Ambition e'en in Hell
Libertas
Paper Crown
What tho' the Field be lost all is not Lost th
Moleck the Sublime & Beautifull
Mammon
N
School for Scandal
27 July
Belial
Hell of Disappointment
The Goose Jno Bull
Treasury
Hoard Bag
It's a surprizing Precious Bird I'll feed it well that it may Yeild Enough to Supply all my good friends & Connections, I see he's laying them all in the Right place.
New Budget, or Continential Relish for John Bull
Taxes
Defeat of the French
New Loan 20 Millions
New Taxes
General Swal *BRACKETED* Conque *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ;  OPEN>> Income Dose & Loan for Allies
French Fleet Destroyd
Repeated Success of the Allies
This is a Devil of a Composition, he's now giving me - It's something like a German Mess, by its griping & Working & I suppose, he means it as a purging Dose - by way of Emtying my Budget to fill his Own
Aye Aye, What, What, Gold Pipins Gold Pipins, they are a Coming - come good Goosey do a little in my Bag & good Goosey shall be fed as long as it can Cack -  OPEN>> . Dundas says:  OPEN>> The De'il take e'en I nea Saw the like in all the Heighlands, I can na get to Catch a Baubee, they come out in such great force they nock one Doone
I shall record this
Come Bossy
"Wine is a mocker - strong drink is raging, and whosoever is deceived  OPEN>> thereby is not wise Proverbs - Chap. 20th. Verse Ist  OPEN>> It is sport to a fool, to do mischief; - but a man of Understanding has  OPEN>> Wisdom Proverbs - Chap - 10 - Verse 23d
feeders
Liberty or Death
Peace
Mr. John Bull
Citadel
By gar! mon Emperor, dey have erect von prospect for you.
Me no like de D—n prospect.
I thinks as how Master Boney, that, instead of sending you to Hell-bay they shod have sent you to Hell at once
Lais
APIS
MIDAS
Cleopatra
Gin
Mark Antony
Claudius
Rowlandson
A Little Tighter
Rowlandson
A Little Bigger
Good Precepts \\ do as I say
Book of Common Prayer
Dealer in Spiritual Liquor
Lodging for Gentlemen
The Battle of the Old Bailey
I shall take the Middle part because it contains the Heart & Vitals, Talley you may take the Head because you have been accustomed to take at the Bull by the Horns
Me will take so much as ever me can get
& me vill take all de rest
British Valor
Alarm Post
When these Mounseers have settled their plan, I will just rouse the Bull, & then see who will be cut up first.
Mr Yorick pray tell us what Figure is that \\ Like a Ninepin dress'd up in a Blanket & hat.
Master Delver Our Hamlet I'm told it resembles \\ Such a Dress I neer saw but the Portrait is *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Kemble:  OPEN>> Ye Num sculls be silent how dare ye presume \\ To find fault with my Dress tis your Danish Costume
Place your elbows on the table like a Church Warden at a parish vestry
Stretch your arms across the table to get at what suits your appetite
Cough and yawn over the Dishes
Loll on two chairs while making use of your toothpick
Patent Water Closet
Brown Bear Bow Street
Catalogue of Household Auction
Heads of the Nation
I'm a coming! I'm a coming! I shall have you, though I'm at your heels now I'll be at your Head's presently,  OPEN>> come all to me that are troubled with money & I warrant I'll make you easy!!
and a Hunting we vill go
Och! by the powers! & I don't like the looks of him atall! atall!
Castle *BRACKETED* h's Bag
Liverpool's Bag
Oh! My Wig's off!!
Never mind, so long as your head's on!
100000 G P R his Bag
Old Bag's Bag
The Corporation of Swansea met at their Guildhall Nor 2 1787 when Gabrial Powell, Recorder, Steward to the Duke of Beaufort, brought up an Attoy &c Agd 81 Snatched out of the Hands of Mr Padley a Paper which he was reading that contained a proposition made by G. P. to Mortgage the Corperation Estate for £500 to oppose an Act for new paving the Town & improving the Harbour, his Son, Thos Powell, a Clargyman & Alderman afterwards knocked down Mr Chas Collins an Eminent Surgeon another Burgess who insisted on reading the Paper before he was called to for his Vote & while on the Ground most malignently & Cowerdly kicked him in ye Breast, the Father seasd Mr Collinss Wig: Robert Morris Esqr bursts into the Room restores the Wig & puts an end to the Affray. The disgraceful proposal was afterwards card 10 to 5
Explanation of the Arms and Supporters of Napoleon Bonaparte
The French Devil
a Corsican Devil
Proverbs
bloody hand and dagger reaching towards Spain
Spain
England
Russia
Sweden
Tyranny
Hypocrisy
Villainy
Barbarity
The Massacre of the garrisons of Jaffa, Edko and Alexandria
Bonaparte ordering the Bridge to be destroyed
. . . when closely pursued by the enemy, immediately on his crossing a bridge, he ordered it to be burnt, although there were hundreds of the sick and lame  OPEN>> of his own army
Murder of the Duke d'Enghien, at Vicennes
Buonaparte's Coronation by the Pope
Murder of Captain Wright
Murder of the Innocent Inhabitants of Madrid
Flight of Buonaparte from Moscow
Oh, I fear I have now lost the Goose for ever
Advertisement. Just fled from the Arms of Mr Reynard, St James's, a Goose, remarkable for laying golden Eggs. Whosoever can return the Goose to the distressed looser shall receive for their kindness a large golden Egg. N.B. She cannot be found in the North, she took wing direct from that point
déposé
Palmer
Sire, English razors and Berlin soap
R—l Spit
Soup Cover
By my R—l Spit I swear. / By my power above Declare. / *BRACKETED* / I Love you tho' Kitchen Stuff.
Oh! La! what are we poor things below—I can not resist— *BRACKETED* if he should make a Countess or a Lady Mayoreass of me!—What a Stew he's in.
Come Come my lass you must not be modest or you will never do for High life.
Hair Broom Stick
Just Published The Rape of Proserpine *BRACKETED* by Jupiter—to which is added Love a la Mode *BRACKETED* by G.P.R.
Love's a Tyrant
—This is not the Royal George that was Sunk at Spithead *BRACKETED* . this was Sunk at Brighton. & was got up with only the loss of, Bowsprit and that was rotten before!!!
Mr Montefure
in the attitude of the Venus de Medici
The Gentleman and Scholar United
The Union
Dead Game
Bible
University Statutes
A Sermon preached at Wisbech assizes before . . .
Miss Boreas
O Venus Beauty of the Skies, To whom a thousand Temples rise; Gayly false in gentle Smiles,- In Mathematicks he was greater Than Tycho Brake, or Erra Pater: For he, by Geometrick Scale, Cou'd take the Size of Pots of Ale; Resolve by Sines & Tangents, straight; If Bread or Butter wanted weighty; He knew What's What, & that's as high As Metaphysick Wit can fly; All lov'd him well, who knew his Fame, And sent him Cats, instead of Game.
Common Sense and the Rights of Man
Truth & Sound argument
Reason
Independence
Morality
The Law of Nature
Matthew Henry
The Substance of the People
Folly
Oh! Hell & Furies I Shall never Recover this Blow
Fire away! and give Superstition time to recover. For she seems badly wounded, I hope its not mortal Or we are all done for
Bank of Faith
Ignorance
Vanity
All's right dont you See our Confederate Prepareing to Stab him in the Back
Burnt Offering
Oh the Monster! Dispute the mission of Moses! away with him Crucify him
Debauchery
Our trade's at Stake!!! Down with him Shackle him
A Special Good Dagger
Die by the hand of an Apostate
Coran
Wretch I'll cut thee from The face of the Earth!
xii drops of the Blessed Virgins Milk!!!
Holy Bible
Wars of the Jews—Benders edition
Landaffs Futi *BRACKETED* Answer
Pilgrim's Progress
Book of Wonders
Dr Burnett on the Deluge
Breviary
List of Miracles
Tracts on Satanic influence]
Tract one clo . . . of Pain Forged by The Rev—
Tracts— The Infidel in Hell
39 articles fo *BRACKETED* the use of the Blind
A True Bill
Ex Officio Inf
Information
I H S
Victory, Victory
Yes its Blasphemy; Bl. . Bl. . .; Sedition
Resources, Breathing, Eating, Drinking, Shit------
Set it down Johnny, it will be very productive
Aye, Productive & salutary, for it will strike at the very bottom of luxury.
If the Great Houses should stamp the little houses it will fall heavy on me, for my maw is always craving and must have its fill
W. Leatherhead Esqr Aldn of F------ward
Morning Chronicle
Taxes
The Constitutional Society shall know of this and they will------publish some Resolves
British Biography
Quacks annihilated. Grand Restorer of human nature
If this is the Case who'll take my bolus, pill, potion, lotion------we may now throw Physic to the dogs indeed
Good heaven help me! or next the fl--c--ng Collution will stamp my dear, sweet, pretty, little Girls ------ playthings. ------ spare them Charley, for Perdita's sake
Rambler's Mag. . . . Taxes
Christian Mage
Mother Windsor King's place
Water------Closets
From Stamps, so sharp, and so strange, there's no stealth, They touch if you die, or Physic for health; The Coalition strange, our mettle to damp. Likewise bid Johnny birth and marriage to stamp, And, stranger still, our Commerce for to vamp, They wisely Receipts confound with a stamp; To prove they all others at stamping surpass, Perhaps, they'll next order a stamp for the A------
"The kindly dew drops form *BRACKETED* the highest tree, And wets the little plants that nestle underneath *BRACKETED* Spencer
"Our gayness and our gear *BRACKETED* are all besmirch'd—Shak—
Beware of Man Traps.
Pelham
Vaughan
Brock
P *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The foremost judge says, pointing to the fugitives:  OPEN>> Seize them Boys.
We encourage those who betray their freinds!
Such language, brother, anywhere else might turn to our prejudice. Learn to be more guarded I beg you.
A Timber Merchant.
Buy my Matches.
A Turkey Merchant
A Man of Letters
G. R.
A Banker
A Merchant Taylor
Any old Cloaths to shell.
Master of the Mint
The Master of the Scrowls
Term Reports
Motion For new Trial
Bankrupt Petitions
*BRACKETED* ffice Copy Bill
Information in the Exchequer
Decrees in Chancery
Reports
Briefs
McCleary Si . . . *BRACKETED* action for Defamation
Hadfield for thy diabolical attempt, thou shall meet with thy reward
God Save the King
The Covent Garden Magazine
Oliver Castles & C° For Ever
Habeus *BRACKETED* Corpu *BRACKETED* Suspension Act Gagging Bill &c.
Bill of Rights
Magna Charter
Monkeyana
Monkeyana or Men in Miniature published by Moon Boys & Graves - Testimonials in recommendation
Moon *BRACKETED* Graves ...mple of ...piter
Bill-stickers beware!
Pray remember the poor blind
Monkeyana
Alls well that ends well
Reform
Jack
Jack
Matchless
We hope all uninfluenced and Independent Electors will assist our Endeavours to Crush this truly Infamous Coalition to Deprive the Electors of Westminster of their franchises & make it like a Corrupt & Rotten Borough
Ah! this comes of my Getting into bad Company - Evil Communications Corrupt good manners.
O my Dear Lord I Thought to have sold this City next Election for 100,000, or if I had been nickd in the Intrim, to have left it in my will to Major Hanger or H *BRACKETED* Aston
Charly looks D------d Gllum - he is Gallows Poor Else I should have nail'd Five Quid for em
The End of all unnattural & unjust Coalitions
Caesar has Friends & Pompey has Friends but Rome has no Friends
Junius Discovered by P. Thicknesse
A Paris
Pour Monr Talleyrand
a very agreable Companion for a post Chaise!
Le. Lion. D'Argent A. Calais.
Dispatches
Ah grantee mee von littel bite
Aha Monsieur Jean Bull your friend dere in de poste chaise is de right vone to treat vid Monsr Talleyrand.
Monr J N Capt of Volr Conscripts
Le Bon Dieu
Vin de Porto
Provision de Courage
Rum
Brandy
Esprit National Anglais
Gin
Régiment de Braves à 10 £ Stertings *BRACKETED* piece.
Epargnes du Prince.
Je les commanderai aussi bien que mes freres . . . mais qui les paira *BRACKETED* .?
oh! le Vaillant garçon il tiendra defamille
qu'ils Viennent à présent Notre ears les recevra
Damn the Tories!!!
Oh! Damn the Wigs!
Anathema
Satirist
The Board of Management
Board of Management
Moll Pominy
Mello dram
Caractacus
Forty Thieves
Piz *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; beneath are his famous plays:  OPEN>> Rivals
Duenna
Critic
School for Scandal
Treasury Bag
Cherry Bounce
Carlo
Sung, with great Applause, by Mr. Henry Johnston, in Dublin, Cork, &c. &c.
Irish Whisky
T. Trim Hair . . .
Shave well for Penny cut for 2 . . .
Sam Shred Taylor
God save the king
A whimsical Bagnio Adventure
Knight of the Bath, & Commander in Chief of his Majesty's Forces in America
To the free & independent Electors of Garratt this print of a worthy candidate Sir Harry Dimsdale Citizen & Muffin Dealer is humbly inscribed by Piercy & Woodhouse
Great conquerer, see your Captive kneel Your clemency now let him feel! Here's all my arms, upon my life My Ladle and my Carving Knife. My Vessel—Fame—the Larder calls My Ammunition Forc'd Meat Balls My Powder; Curry; Whole Pepper Shot. All by my capture going to Pot: Then let me hope you'l grant this Boon, Release me speedily and soon! *BRACKETED* — I'm a bit of a Poet you see this is rare fun.
What we have caught you have we! and in arms against your Sovereign Weel just drench you with Grog and Keel haul you—and then release you my old buck, you love Fun!
Grog
Forcd Meat
Turtle Soup
Ammunition & Stores taken in the Larder Sloop—Ammunition 300 Forced Meat Balls, 5 Barrels Curry-Powder, 2 Casks whole pepper. 200 Bottles sauce Picquant—Stores. 1 Whole Calf, 25 Sheep, 12 dozen Capons, 50 *BRACKETED* of Venison, Westphalian Hams, 200 Weight of Sauceages, 100 Rounds of Beef, 100 Sir Loins, 150 doz of Pigeons, 50 Sucking Pigs, 50 Sa . .
By the time we have each had a link or two for a Lunch hee'l soon get rid of his Chains. Dam Eyes but this is fun!
Johnnys reception by  OPEN>> merry Tonkanoo at Negro Ball
Tonkanoo
Johnny dancing with Rosa—the Planters beautiful daughter
Johnnys Courtship and professions of Love to Rosa
Johnny and the fair Rosa tripping to the Altar of Hymen
Nuptial ceremony of Johnny and the charming Rosa
Johnny and his fair Bride reveling in Jollity and festive mirth
Sangaree
Stands England where it did
Swing
Life in Paris
Here's amusement for married gentlemen or, a Specific for a Scolding Wife; who buys of me
Oh Murder! Murder! Oh cruel Barbarian
Cruel, ha! tis according to Law, you Jazabel
An this be not oor Printer in gued Faith it mon be his Gaist.
An Old Mon broken in the storms of state is come to lay his weary bones among ye ge him a little earth for charity.
My heart weeps to see him so little of his great self.
Farewell to aw our Greatness e gude I've got the Sillar and Trotted off in time.
Farewell to buyings in and selling out, Farewell to Brokerage. Poor Mark that I should ever live to see this Day
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
My Yoke is Easy & my Burden light
Alas! my Dundas You've made me an Ass.
a discontented race
N
Valuables of the Prince of Peace
Valuables of the Prince of Asturias
Valuables of the amiable Queen
Valuables of the good old King
Depend upon it I do it all for your Goods.
Professions of Frienship *BRACKETED* for the Royal Family of Spain
To Paris
England
I'll blockade ye, ye English Scoundrel Tis you thwart all my designs  OPEN>> Tis you & you only who dare oppose my will - But Ill Blockade ye, & not one of your rascally craft shall stir.
French Fleet
The British Fleet.
Shiver my Timbers - there's a go! Ah ah! Ah! ah! Why master Boney you look like Neptune Crossing the Line I suppose next you will be Blockading the Moon!
Boney for want of proper Sail By threats bombastic would prevail
Scene—a Rural Retreat at Upper Brompton
What, wouldst thou pollute my Graves
Vengeance Vengeance
Anti-Jacobin Review
Vive la Liberté
Godwins Political Justice
Le Paux
Ancient Republics
*BRACKETED* kefield Answer
hors de combat
Four Confederates which are given below the design. *BRACKETED* America *BRACKETED* ,  OPEN>> Yanky Doodle
This fall has hurt my Back
Monsieur Louis Baboon
Dem Jersey Pills have made a me Sick
Don Diego
by St Jago he has almost Blinded me
Mynheer Frog
I have almost forgot how to fight
To Arms you Brave Britons to Arms the Road to Renown Lyes before you
Rights of Man
vincit Omnia veritas
first cast out the beam out of thine own Eye: and then shall thou see clearly to cast the Mote out of thy brothers eye.
Manure for Depravity
Pope Joan
Whisk
Theatres
Vauxhall
Dancing
Impetinent Curiosity
Gaiety
Sour Pride
Spirit
Rebollion
Trtuhs *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Behind her, in shadow, and at the feet of a fashionably dressed man on the extreme left., is another paper:  OPEN>> Breach of 3d Commandment
Instead of injuring my Character, or usefulness you have raised me Higher.
Partial Statement
*BRACKETED* pocra *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , a bundle of  OPEN>> Supressed Letters
Loyds Evening Post
Invectives
Inquisitoral Power
Despotic laws
Lordship over Consci *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Fals ...
Bow of Malice
On Clay and other Soil.
Owens Works
Horace
Murus æneus conscientia Sana
History of the Inquisition
on the Value of Rye-land
Justitiæ Soror Fides
The Kings We *BRACKETED* se East Chap ..
Mussulman
Army Accompts
Ovid Art of Love
Promotions, My Foot Boy
Foster 200 ... 150, Smalcroft200....
I will Arise and Go To my Fa *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Mrs. Clarke, unnoticed by the Duke, makes a sign to Wardle *BRACKETED* who enters the room holding out a paper:  OPEN>> The Duty which I Owe to my Country is Paramount to Every Other Concideration
Here look at my Ware, you'l find none such among the Noble Whores
No opposition to Kings Place
No more Argyle rooms for Pickey Nickey's
Why I may as well shut up the Key at once
No Italian private rooms, No pretty Boys
No Private Boxes
No Privat assignations. I have not had 3 assignations among the Married Nobility since the House opened
Go it Go it. give him one for John Bull & another for the Dublin Tinman
Vat Mr Bull have I cot you
The Business of the Key Removed Here
No connection with the
King *BRACKETED* Pla *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The box below is crowded with rioters; Sir W. Curtis is conspicuous from his nose and his sailor's dress, see No. 11353. They have two placards:  OPEN>> No Forghn Sofas nor private rooms a long pull a Strong Pull and a pull altogather
no hired ruffins no Fighting men
Hoc Signo Vinces
A Calculation of how many Millions of Rats may be destroy'd if Ten Years of Peace is continued
no shame
Description of what quantities of Powder will Catch Ratts of different Species
A List of all the great Offices of State haunted by Rats of all Qualities
Now we'll play at Bob Cherry—open your mouth
As president of the Council—who shall gainsay me—
Bubble Book
cit
Malta
Ceylon
I will have the Cheese you Brute you, - I have a great mind to annihilate you, you great overgrown Monster!!
I tell you what young one - if you wont let me eat my bread and cheese in peace and comfort, - I'll blow you away you may depend upon it
The City Race; or, a peripatetic Dialogue amongst the late Candidates for the Mayoralty, and the Sheriffs
Treasury
Court
Pere Francois c'est en ta main que je recommande mon ame Et le St Empire rom baissa Sa tete et décéda
Siege des Princes ecclesiastiques
Siege des villes imperiales
La Saxe reçoit
La Bavière reçoit
A S: m. Prusse comme secretaire un Morceau de Münster
Hanover cum pace redibit
Baden erhält
Wurtemb
erhält
Hessen erhält
Ah M le Secretre penses aussi a Nous
Executor Testamenti
Va Diable de la guerre il ne faut plus de Pitt! Hebe dich hin weg Nationen Verwirrer das Friede Wieder Kehre auf Erden.
Votre maitre a dit mon empire n'est pas de ce monde.
Nez pour 3000 Million Sterlinge
le St Empire Rom est effeuillé de son enveloppe de chenille et reparaitra dans une forme ennoblie. Das H: R. Reich hat im J. 1801 Abgestreicht . . . *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Beside it *BRACKETED* are an aspergillum in a bowl of holy water and an open book supported on foliage:  OPEN>> dom: cust: anim: tuam in Vit. etern. amen. Pro defunctis.
Nous voulons 10000 hommes mettre en campagne au Service & pour la gloire de l'empire.
100,000 peaus de paysans
S'il est possible prennes cette rancon pour nos Ames, . . . fur unser Freiheit 11860000 Ulm
a quoi bon les rapines de tant de Siécles . . . Frankfurt Am Main
Bremen
Wetzlar 10000
Scwäb Hall 60000
Hambourg in Franken
Heilbron 1100000
Esslingen
Reutlingen 20000000
Augsbou *BRACKETED* 200000
Nürnberg 200000000
Memm.
Lübeck 1000000
Regensbourg 2000. . .  OPEN>> . Behind these and rising in a pyramid towards an altar are the ecclesiastics. In front of the altar stands a bishop wearing *BRACKETED* a papal tiara; he holds up both hands; on the altar is an open book:  OPEN>> requiescat in Pace
C'est ainsi qu'il faut chasser l'amertume de la mort
Ah St Bonaparte accordes nous misericorde
Sacrifies ceuxci et laisse nos *BRACKETED* Vivre
La Chevallerie de l'empire sera transporté aux frontières & fera le Service de la Douane
es werde Licht
Archive de l'empire
Reglem. de Censure
libri prohibiti
Privilèges des Electeurs
des Princes
de la Chevallerie d'empire
des Villas Imperial *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The fourth section is without inscription but is open; from it has flown a winged in holding a bundle of arrows *BRACKETED* and a cornucopia of flowers. Documents inscribed  OPEN>> Priv
Capitulations d'elections
Conclusions Imperial: OPEN>> , and  OPEN>> Code criminel
Scourge
Infancy 10
Puberty 15
Womanhood 20
Discretion 25
Old Maidism 30
Copy of Verses on Pole's Dancing
Caligny 25 Lord Kil *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . His partner also drops a pistol. At the foot of the throne *BRACKETED* kneels a more grotesque pair: Romeo Coates in theatrical dress, trunk-hose and cape, and a long rapier, with a cock seated on his head and crowing  OPEN>> Cock a doodle doo-o
Ode first
To the Scourge—Skeffington
Ode on Miss Tilney—To the Scourge
Ode 4th Miss Long
Bushy Money Chest M T
False faithless perjured Clarence / behold thy Children!!! hem, Shakespeare.
Marriage Act
To the House of Commons
From France
For Secret Inteleg *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , and  OPEN>> To the Baron
Sophia of Cadis
Secret Intelegence
To the Baron, de Wiskers for Secret Intel—
Fox, are not you the Shuffler?
Tho
There's Willany in the Wind!—
I of course dont mean to embarrass the Government, but were it's existence depending upon it, I would not postpone my motion for a single day! and when I tell you, that I expect— actually to make out a case of bribery and corruption against a Boro
I am perfectly of your way of thinking—This matter won't admit of a moments delay. A new light breaks in upon me, and in the sudden illumination of my Soul, I view with pious horror, such enormities as bribery and corruption
Whereas on the night of the 20th of July last, a numerous gang of French banditti entered the City of Madrid, and burglariously broke into the royal Palace, National Bank, and most of the Churches thereof; murdering all who opposed them. . . .  OPEN>> The said banditti remained in Madrid, until the 27th of the said month, and then suddenly departed, laden with immense booty . . . taking the road to France; all patriotic Spaniards are hereby requested to be aiding and assisting in the apprehension of all or any of the said robbers. . . .  OPEN>> The said banditti were headed by  OPEN>> Joe Nap
murdered millions of the human race
receiving the stolen goods
French Code of Laws
Ye shall be Vain, Fickle & Foolish.— / Ye shall Kill your King one Day, and / Crown his Relative the next— / Ye shall get Tired of Him in a few / weeks— & recal a TYRANT / who has made suffering hum= / =anity bleed at every pore— / because it will be truly Nouvelle— / Lastly—Ye shall abolish & destroy / all virtuous Society, & Worship / the Devil — as for / Europe, or that little Dirty / Nation the English let them be / D—d—FRANCE the GREAT / NATION against the whole / WORLD! The ape has a long tail, decorated at regular intervals with tricolour bows. It glares savagely down at the crowd of little monkeys on the ground. Some wear bonnets rouges, others are foppish; one, wearing an elegant coat, sits chapeau bras, using a loop of his tail as a lorgnette through which to inspect the scroll. An ape-magistrate wearing spectacles, bag-wig, and gown sits on a stool, gaping up at the  OPEN>> Code
Vive le Roi
Vive l'Empereur
Vive la Republique
Vive le Diable
Im against Hanover that's flat
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Plan of the Intended Canal
Report of the Engineer respecting the *BRACKETED* tended canal
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Droll
Sorrows of Werter
The Art of Love
Ocean of Royal Bounty
Cromwellism
Envy
Leveling
Orleanism
Revolutions
Egalité
Democracy
Pillage of Monasteries Churches & Religious Houses
Confiscation of Estates Buckingham.
My Feeble efforts for my country s good
Ah Wretch! Why attack a Defenceless old Man? whose seclusion from all Public concerns & whose Irreparable loss of an only & beloved Child should have sheltered his Declining Head from the Malicious Attacks of a Monster wallowing in Luxury & Wealth Oh Orleans Oh Bedford!!!
Sacred to the Memory of an Only Son whose Manly Virtues & well informed Mind was the only Enjoyment the Parent knew in his Declining Years but Alass - The Loss of a Finished Man is not easily Supplied.
The Leviathan among all the creatures of the Crown. - He tumbles about his unwieldy bulk; he plays and frolicks in the ocean of the Royal bounty. Huge as he is and whilst  OPEN>> he lies floating many a rood
Courage John Bull - Courage!!!
Courage Johnny.
West Indies
Cape of Good Hope
Malta
Ceylon
Clerk *BRACKETED* Pells
£3,000 Pr Annum
Courage
Warm Water
Courage
Reservoir for the Clyster-pipe Family
Rule Britannia an old Song
Commons
King
Lords
Come, Arthur, a Toast—come a Patriotic Toast
Well,—May we all hang together for the good of the Nation
Plate the Second. To the Public
A
20:000£
10,000£ Pr annum for our Lives
50£ Pr Annum
1000£ P. Annum
5000£ Pr Annum
2000£ ..., 40£ .. ., 100£ .. ., 100£ .. ., 400£ ..., 5£ Pr Annum
Wellesley v. Long
Long v. Wellesley
Affidavit,  OPEN>> Petition
Answer
Bills is a Bill of Costs 5000
I'll be revenged and write a faithful History of the Court of Chancery
An Appeal to Heaven
Major General of the Continental-Army in America
Northumberland
ah mon dieu quel bonheur que ce rasoir ne coupe pas.
ste héléne
Napoleon Bounapart Proved Guilty of Desert . . .
Well, you are found Guilty of Cowardly deserting from the Grand army, & by repairing here with your Cobbling defence, you have done a d—d bad job for yourself, & as your time waxes near its end, I would have you prepare your Sole for your Last—so off with his head Mr Butcher.
O dear, o dear, do not kill me! Cut off my Tail if you please!! but, spare, O spare my head.
Oh, D—n you we'll Cut off your head & your Tail too!
Aye, Aye, he has butcher'd Millions.
Crispin for ever
Liberty Liberty away with him
Emperor Crispin for ever
Off with his head.
Where's my husband Wretch,
Wheres my Father,
Wheres my dady.
Hoyles Free Gamester
To James Fox Sq.
I wish I was a Cat my Mama would Love me then
My Lady its time to come to Bed
Duty of a Ladies Maid, by M. Morgan see Old Baly Chronle
*BRACKETED* s Estate
Newcastle
Durham
We'll have it Farmer and nearer
Messalina
That a CROWN! It's not worth half a Crown.
What no bidding for the Crown of Spain Then take the other crowns and lump them into one lot.
I suppose daddy will put us up for sale.
Speedily will be sold the Thirteen Cantons of Switserland.
Lot 2 Twenty flags the property of the Empress
Lot of Useless Eagles
Kingdom of Bavaria
Kingdom of Prussia
Saxony
Kingdom of Westphalia
United Provinces
Waking in the middle of the night in a state of raging thirst eagerly blundering in the dark to the washing stand and there finding the broad mouthed pitcher which you lift to your lips, so full that besides amply satisfying your thirst, it keeps cooling your heated body, and purifying your linen with the overplus.
Shy away he's a real good un.
I'll have every tenth throw.
Paul Pry
Chronicle
Times
Herald
Lost my Stick!!!
Holy Bible
Courier
H M Servi *BRACKETED* Circular Sid *BRACKETED* . The clerk sits below, smoking a pipe and wearing a hat. The congregation, except for a deaf man with an ear-trumpet, do not listen but flirt or sleep; one man reads a paper headed  OPEN>> Election Expenses
Man
Universal Magazine
Reduction of Placemen and Pensioners
Fromage de Ste Hélene
Christ Jasus, man, what are you at ? I only kiss'd her in joke, only in joke upon my conscience!
Sure I'll give you the satisfaction of a Gentleman when I'm done, my dear! What the devil would you have more! By Jasus I'll teach you to kiss my Wife without my leave! You'll be for stroke - her next to be sure; but I'll put some capital strokes upon your back first with a good horsewhip, my little Ram of the Law!
Fair play, by the holy! no breaking in ye spalpeens!
Fair play do you call it Measter - by my soul I think it is as foul play as ever I saw
O tunder o nouns our little Orator will be cut in three halves!
to which will be added the Busy Body to conclude with Much Ado about Nothing.—Principle Character by Jack Flog'em, who it is supposed will shortly appear as Sir Iohn!!!  OPEN>> Give me another Horse!
Give us another Mare!
Walworth
G.R
I'm come to swear my Lord, all the People are to be Murder'd and the City fir'd *BRACKETED* It's a  OPEN>> Burning lie!
You had better take your flight or there will be a Hunt, after you, and I can swear they'll make game of you.
D—n me my Lord if I know what to swear! If you will be so good to invent something. I'll swear to any thing for 2s/6d.
Dreadfull! I do not doubt it, Gentlemen by your respectable appearence, I might as well believe you without your Oath!—"but take prisoner That old seditious priest.,, Harrison,  OPEN>> Were but the ringleaders cut off—the rabble Would soon disperse.,,
"All persons that will Swear to a D—nd lie, by applying to Jack Flog'em will Recieve from One shillg to Two and Sixpence each. N.B. no higher price will be offered. —.
I say Oliver Cramwell how goes trade in the Informing line.
little doing in the City thank the Lord M...r *BRACKETED* but Low Price.
Charge for laying on the Gas £5—
The Gas Light is the most surprizing of all modern discoveries, its brilliance can only be compared to the Blaze of a Meridian Sun!! For £3 a year we will supply you with a light strong enough to blind a Star Gazer! & a heat sufficient to boil a Tea Kettle or Roast an Ox!! Its national advantages are incalculable! it makes us independent of foreign resources, in the supply of Russian Tallow, Greenland Oil & other greasy articles!—The followers of this NEW LIGHT are not only secure from the depredations & waste of Servants but are no longer subject to a Variation in price & other impositions inseperable from the use of such filthy & stinking Commodities!!!
Dont believe what he says it's all Smoke—a Will o
It is not the True light—if the Tallow Chandlers Melt at such a doctrine they must all run away!!
D—n your gas pipes say I! you are so frequently breaking up the pavement that there is no such thing as walking the Streets upon clean legs without a pair of Stilts!!
New Light
I. Dipfat / N° 1 / Manufacturer of / Cart Grease / late / Tallow Chandler
Just Published a Treatise on the New light showing the fatal effects of the Gas upon the Lungs, the difficulty of respiration & an additional reason for coughing at all times in the year untill carried off by a Galloping Consumption
Remainder of a Stock of Spermaceti Oil, to be sold at 2d pr Galln
The Gas light Compy will give a premium to any person that can discover a Method to prevent the Subscribers to their New Light from being so often left in total darkness through the numerous accidents that happen to ye Pipes want of coals, or some other Casualty.
This shop to lett
W. Link Pickle Merct late Oil man
Theatre Royal—Speculation *BRACKETED* with the Farce of The Wonderful Lamp—NB The Theatre will be lighted with Gas!!
Parish of St Brides Take notice that the Watchmen will in future carry Gas Lanthrons!!
The Lottery office Compy under the Royal Exchange are determined not to HAZARD the use of Candles & Oil any longer & have therefore resolv'd in future to BURN GAS that the public may see Clearly that they sell more Blanks than Prizes.
Garraways Coffee House—The Sales by Candle being exploded, all future bargains will be sold by GAS!!!
Charity Sermon Sunday Eveng NB the Chapel will be lighted with GAS!!!
Guildhall London—Grand Rehearsal of the GAS LIGHTS Novr 1815
Jn Bull
Here's Damnation to all Corsican Usurpers - I wish he'd come - Zounds - how ive would Tar & Feather him
I wish my head may never ache till he comes, curse me if our Cook should not Spit him & baste him famously.
never Fear he knows too well what Beef & Pudding can do he has never fought any thing but Macaroni & sour Crout *BRACKETED* yet - egad we would send our old women to take him by the Nose
An Account of Sales of Smyrnas
£341. 15 Wills Tap
200,000
London Corresponding Society - or the Cries of the Pigs in the Pound
Propriété de la Nation
Petion
Vive la Liberte Vive le Egalitè
Lewis le Grand
Law
A Serio Comic Melo Dramatic Operatic Pantomimic Domestic Pathetic Mock Heroic Caustic Mystic Fantastic Heartsick Diabolic Play in Six Acts as Perform'd before the 3 Estates at the National Theatre St Stephens in the Year 1832. with the Greatest Applause
As Arthur lived so he Died
Ye Gods above Avenge our Cause
Die All die nobly
Justice is satisfied
What's it all about
Reform
The People
Liberty of the Press
The Unions
Our King & Country
Civil & Religious Liberty
Throw em Over
Turn them Tories out
For my having violated an Act *BRACKETED* you see Gentlemen I am ordered to be disgraced - that the Speaker should decieve me I own surprised me T'is a plain proof that the World is all alike and that even our Gang can no more trust one another than other people - therefor Gentlemen look well to Yourselves for in all probability You may escape some Months longer.
We are heartily sorry Captain for your Misfortune - but t'is what we must all come to.
If you mention vice or bribe  OPEN>> Tis so pat to all the tribe Each cries that was leveld at me -
W
Lo, are we not thine asses on which thou hast Rode these 30 years
Have we not served thee in Religion & Politics
Yes, but are ye not Asses still!
A Whim
Most worthy Chairman Mr Benjamin Block of Wapping Old Stairs - attends to be made a Member of the Ancient and honorable Society.
Avast my Hearties, - before I've proceeded any further on the voyage let me know what course you are steering - if you mean to frighten a British sailor with your goggle eyes, and queer faces you are d------dly mistaken - besides it appears to me that you have got masks on which is like fighting under false colours, and that wont do for an English Jack Tar!
FRONTI NULLA FIDES
Promoted by guilt, the nation's disgrace
or a sample of  OPEN>> The Widow's protector
It is clear from the affidavits before the Court, that this property was obtained by practising upon the mind of an improvident illconducted young man— such conduct is as far from honorable as any species of bad conduct can be. the Estates which have been thus improperly obtained—must be restored & the defendants must pay all costs
They got from my poor Brother an estate worth £40,000—and they gave him about £1200 for it
Your honor I bought the estate under the advice of this learned serjeant and he was to go halves
I assure your Honor that I have'nt got the estate—I sold it more than 10 Years since, & the purchaser thought I had not come honestly by it—he would not give me more than eight times what it cost me
Valuation of the estates of Griffith Jenkins 40000
Coroners inquest on the body Griffith Jenkins Lunacy
expence of Newark Ele
Lords
Commons
Curse of God
Confidence
Europe
Constitution
Law
Red Book
Truth
Civil List
Religion
Trial by Jury
Habeas Corpus
Right of Petition
Freedom of Speech
Commons
Hon *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , that of the  OPEN>> Lords
Vanity
Ci devant Whigs
Imper *BRACKETED* Loan
Here Lie 100.000. brave Sailors and Soldiers kill'd off
America
1797
------ The cloud capt Towers &c.
Pitiè
com'd from Boney-Ayrs
Then off his vinding sheet he throw'd, And by his trowsers, Tom I know'd; He vasn't dead, but come to mess, So there's an end as you may guess.
A Course of Anatomical Lectures accompanied with Dissections will be delivered tommorrow Even *BRACKETED* by Professer Sawbone.
Nobility.
Degraded by Dishonor
Kiska nom ka?
I not understand what kind beast this is not proper for Hindoos make worship to All face, look too much like fool.
One Man not got Arm very good face, other Man, fools.
Worth
Contempt
*BRACKETED* famy
Vice
lounge
Ingenuity Invention &c &c.
Exempt from the Powder Tax
Discernment
Very Acute
Eloquence
Elevated with Dignity
Exempt from Burthens
Accomodating Muscles
Open to Conviction
Immaculate
Strength of Party
Flexibility
Power
Firmness
Calculations
Flattery
Epicurism
influence
Money
Claret and Red Port
Subsidies
Huzza! my friends – huzza - the Monster's dead, and we Full-merrily will dance, around his fatal Tree Honours thick falling, shall our steps attend, Come where I lead - to Glory we'll ascend.
Unthinking Fools! - who will as tenderly be led by the Nose, as Asses are - but if he *BRACKETED* scourged them with Whips! they shall find I will chastise them with Scorpions!
What I'm - Political Innocence - to be sure - Ha! Ha! Ha! I'm the last to see what's obvious to all the World - am I? He! He! He!
All my prayr's are not in vain For I shall have my Place again.
He! He! He! - well - I always said that Dismal would come to be Hang'd - Ha! Ha! Ha!
La Mama! he stinks like Poverty.
Zounds! I'm almost afraid of this Gunpowder – Guy – Fox -  OPEN>> though he be dead -
The Year of Jubillee is come He's gone to his Eternal home.
Quite Chop-fallen by Heav'ns! - Ha! Ha! Ha!
A Nick by Jupiter! - He! He! He!
Sic transit gloria Mundi
Let me die the death of the Righteous - and let my latter end be like his.
Sic transit
ou des gens qui ne tiennent plus qu'à un fil.
Instructions de Meternik
Crown and Anchor
This will enable you to make Motions with Ease
Worshipfull Company of Apothecaries
We can give you a Thousand good Reasons *BRACKETED* for presenting *BRACKETED* this Freedom
Worst Company of Grocers'. A man standing behind Fox pokes at his left cheek, saying,  OPEN>> This Sir is the Freedom of us Barbers
Worshl Company of Barbers
Sir I present you the Freedom of the City in this Box
We'll present him with Boxs Enough
Wor Compy of Taylors
trim him till his Backside make buttons
Reform Bill!
Reform Bill! Can that mean me?
Old English Peck Loaf
Genuine Old English Brown Stout
Francis
F Wm
Manifesto against the Russians
Mem—To be at Petersburgh in May
Cowardly Cossacks Dastardly Russians &c &
Plan for restoring the Kingdom of Poland Mem one of my own family to be provided for
Blockade of the British Isles
Mem Ships Colonies & Commerce
Invasion of England FRENCH Flag on the Tower
Once upon a time, the Inhabitants of a large tract of Country were alarmed by the frequent incursions of an animal resembling a monstrous Lion, every one fled at its appearance, till some more courageous than the rest, assembled their neighbours, & having armed them sallied out in quest of the nuisance, when the Beast grown confident from his former success in intimidating, thought to frighten them away by the sound of his voice, but the vain glorious animal beginning to bray, discovered that a Lions skin served to conceal under it, only an Ass who soon received the chastisement due to his presumption. Vide Esops fable.
the yellow jaundice
very common in the Welch mountains
two villainous looking fellows . . . consulting apart
a wretch whose ears had been spared by the pillory
Erected by Voluntary Subscription!
O Wonderful Man! - how I revere thy sublime resemblance. - what obligations I am under to thee! what happy times thou hast brought about! Bread for nothing! Beef 3d per pound! Porter 3d per pot! a Goose 2 shillings! and a fat Turkey 3s.6d!! - whit *BRACKETED* every thing else cheap in proportion! - besides the wonderful decrease of Taxes!! - O Dear - O Dear I hardly know how to express myself, I feel so enraptured. - O that fine brass countenance how it shines with conscious Integrity
French Habits, N°. 6.
cit
Alderman Guttle
The Reversionary Deed £100 for 11000
one of my Will *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . A demon standing in a pit or newly dug grave holds a chain which is attached to one of his ankles. Behind the pit *BRACKETED* is a rectangular tomb inscribed  OPEN>> Give to Genius his own Offspring
Simony
Bosworth Field Action
Curs'd be the Art by which I was decoy'd, And dam'd the Vassal of this Miscreant's Pride; To stand pourtray'd, a Prisoner of State, Upon his Coaches side, and Iron Gate, And stamp a satire on his purloin'd Plate
Letters of Anglicanus, Letter VII, Page 69. 70
The character of your *BRACKETED* Forefathers, according to their views, made it imperitive *BRACKETED* on them, since they could not bind all men to their cause, as true Christians, to compel them to be staunch Presbyterians, their motto  OPEN>> Nemo me impune Lacessit,
Christian Instructor—January, 1828. Page 49. 50
Anglicanus,  OPEN>> you shew *BRACKETED* mercy neither to the living nor the dead;—the very Martyrs, to whose Christian heroism we owe much of that freedom, and many of those privileges, in which we now rejoice, whose memories are dear to every man who is capable of appreciating high principle; you have tried to rob them of their peculiar honour, you might have spared us this outrage to our feelings.—Though, when we think of them, and look at you *BRACKETED* we need not be afraid of the permenancy *BRACKETED* of their fame.—their exploits of piety will be remembered with admiration, long after all you have done and said have been shrouded in the mantle of oblivion
Brownie
Christian Instructor
My Conscience! that is a pretty speech to confront a Presbyterian Minister, he is not  OPEN>> aware, that in uttering \\  OPEN>> these opinions and |  OPEN>> statements, that every |  OPEN>> wise and holy man \\  OPEN>> in Scotland must be \\  OPEN>> deeply offended.
S-----y
I'll be President of the new Council. C------t------m
A Provision for me and my Nurse. C------m------n
I'll be content with that for the present. S-----y
That's not enough for me. S------ff-----d
I'll be a Member of the new Council. C------m------n
6000 a Year is a Comfort in my old Age.
T------l------w
Damn the Church, the Seals for me
C------t-----y
All the Patronage of the Church
Come along my Children, ask what you will you shall have it.
Dreadnought
I've done the state some Service—but no more of that.
Master of the Horse
My good Ld of Westmoreland, I cry yr mercy; I thought your honour had already been at Coventry.
I always Prophesied this.
Shop Tax mended
he has Mended this it will Last some Time now
Hasting's Defence
Can you Mend this for me Master Crispin
India Bill
Arbitrary Power
Secre *BRACKETED* Influ *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . He looks at Scott, saying,  OPEN>> They want new Souls! But I'll try what can be done
Cobbling for Exportation by Harry Dunass
Motion for Peace with France
Title De *BRACKETED* of Estates in -
£1000
Bedford Level
The Atlantic Ocean
And therefore is England maimed & forc'd to go with a Staff, shakespeare
Ode upon Ode
Rights of Man
Common Sense
*BRACKETED* Pain *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; beside him on the ground are his  OPEN>> Lousiad
*BRACKETED* Pension
Ah! then dismounted from his spavin'd hack, To Bethlehem's walls with B***e I saw him borne, Where the strait waistcoat close embrac'd his back; While Peggy's wreath of straw, did either brow adorn, And there they sit; two grinners, vis a vis; He writing Grub-street Verse, B**
Comforter
Hollands
Brandy
Comforter
Darby and Iohn
Won't you take another Comforter? we must make haste I expect Noodle *BRACKETED* here presently.
I think your Comforters are bigger than my Johns
Glorious Apollo from on high beheld us
The Making of the Man.
. . . that old hospitable soul, Pot-luck
Chair woman
cello; at his feet is a paper:  OPEN>> Proposals for Six Charity Concerts
cit
There Sir is one of the finest toned Instruments, I ever touched, and our own making. Nobody makes Instruments like us. That Humbug fiddle is out of Tune.
cit
Charming.
For Sale cheap
Bold Flinty Rock
Beautiful Maid
This will do, and Sir give me leave to say, No Scholar of ours shall ever use any Music or Instruments but our own, What do you think of that eh? & I am a Director, what do you think of that eh?
Indeed if you will Engage us we will not only buy all our Music and Instruments of you, but make our Scholars do the same.
Indeed we will!
Fly not yet.
We are off
You had better open a Cook Shop next and sell Calves heads and Cow heels
I'll lend you no more 4.000.s C-ts.
Detached Peices
Chancery
Since our Master has taken to this Concern all our Business is Suspended.
Suspended, why I have here a list of 21 fellows who ought to be Suspended.
Old Bailey
What then you intend to ruin all the Composers, Music Sellers, and Instrument makers do you? & this is a specimen of your correctness is it? 36 blunders in 9 pages of one Peice. Cossac Song above 30 errors. Dramatic Air worse 2d do worse still.
I'll bet a Crown to One and Twenty pence, against the Hazard of being blown up by the Gas.
the Y—m—ih Waltz
Jack Ketch set to Mus *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Behind the Regent:  OPEN>> New Peices
Rogues March
Royal Airs
Catches Glees, Flats and Sharps
Wot hopes in the long run, to distance the Colonel & Old Shiver-my- Timbers, give Kentina the  OPEN>> go by
Mr. Gascoigne
A slap at slop
Midas
I'll snore
Delay & Weakness
Energy
Vigour
Dispatch
I'll swear
Pliability
Positive Man a Farce *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The Queen sits between them, looking slyly at Pitt and saying,  OPEN>> W'll share
Housewifery
Unanimity
Virtually
Bill Pert's Plan
Young G's letter
Plan \\ by One
Secret Influence
10000
Public Transfer
To Germany
Hanover Hack
Savings
Midas, by Old Gruff - Pan, by Young Pert, and Mysis, by a Lady, for the first time. Pan. Master G------e and Fitz, And toll de roll wits I'll buffet away from the Crown, Sir, Midas. And I'll assist Your Honor's fist With all my might and main, Sir. . . . . . . . . Pan. For wenching feats And Reynard's Cheats He shall have naught to please 'em, Mysis. Nor touch by goles, The household Coles, Of that trouble we'll ease 'em. . . . . . . . . Omnis. We'll share, And I warrant in Council we'll Sack it
What is your R-l H-ss opinion of our Barbary Fashionables do the Cut of our Mustachoes differ from those of the Princes in Europe.
The Cut of Your Princely!! Whiskers can not but Create the Admiration of every Lady in the Seraglio. - and for My part I am delighted beyond measure with your - Three Tails!!
Lions - Cubs
a present for the E-r of Austria
Satirist
Vill.. Ser..; Village Dialogue; Evangel *BRACKETED* Magazine
Hint to Public by Barrister
And behold there was a pair of Leather Breeches
Methodist Magazine Contents Hypocrisy, Gluttony, Lust, Avarice uncharitableness, Lying &c &c &c
Hawkers and Pedlars License
Thou shalt not steal
Warra *BRACKETED* Bastardy - Orders of Filiation
Petition.. Babes of Grace
Lacrym *BRACKETED* Christi
Brandy
VOL. 5. / OF / CARICATURES MACARONIES. / & / CHARACTERS / PUBD BY / M DARLY. / 39 / STRAND
practised with great success Feby 22nd. 1830—"Let the gall'djade wince—! Shakspeare
Ex Officio
Oh! that I had but thee within my gripe!
"I thank God I do stand here! |  OPEN>> I well know what I should have to expect from the A——y G——l if I were to utter |  OPEN>> in another place, the sentiments which I can here express under the protection of the |  OPEN>> privileges of this house,—I see him opposite and am therefore reminded, that if he |  OPEN>> should be able to cath *BRACKETED* me within his Iron fangs, I should obtain from him no |  OPEN>> more mercy, than he lately awarded to an individual *BRACKETED* who had the misfortune |  OPEN>> to come within his Gripe!!!
Runs not this speech like iron through your blood?
hear! hear!
hear! hear!
ha! ha! ha!
Treasury
13,100
To Liverpool
Black Book
Extremly docile, easy moddel'd into Vice and exceeding soft about the head
Vice
Distraction
Carlo Khan
Reform
St Omer
OEconomy
Boreas
Virtue
I'll make you dance ye Dogs my Fiddle de dee
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Man of the World
a Duke and a Haberdasher; - a red hot Patriot, and a sneering Courtier, - a discarded Statesman and his scribbling Chaplain; with a brawling Prerogative Lawyer, quarrelling about Politics
W. de V
Stadt House
Milk
Butter
Holland Gin
Kiss
Sic transit Gloria Mundi
Veluti in Speculum
Me am Dam!
Oak
I'm ready for you
Blast you, you old Goat! to keep so many Women shut up in your Seraglio. I'll turn over a new Leaf & allow every Woman 20000 Men
By our holy Prophet & sacred Mecca, I'll curb that wanton Spirit
very like
French Habits. N° 7
Giants
game
Lectures on Modern History Dedicated to Tom Sheridan
Lectures for information and Instruction of the Cantab— Patronised by the Marq. of Lansdowne
- et versate diu, quid ferré recusent, Quid valeant humeri!
All Granta's Nobs, By sundry Jobs, - Were brought to hear a Lecture; But set at naught Their Lesson taught - And yawn'd beyond conjecture!
Town and Country Magazine
Peter Street
Shoes made and mended by Bob. Stichitt Cobler to her Grace the Tramping Dutchess NB Dogs Wormd Cats Gelded
I fear that we have made rather | A bad business of it—to be sure | There is a Melancholy satisfaction | In reflecting that we have pulled | Down the Duke
Aye! but who have we set up | See them there laughing in their sleeves | At us! and worse than all, look at the Woolsack!!! *BRACKETED* | Melancholy Satisfaction indeed!—I think we | Are much in the Condition *BRACKETED* | Of the Man who cut his nose to vex his face
An Attorney General too! | Who wont let one do what | One wishes with one's own
Subscription
My dear Friend, don't leave me in the Lurch, I can scarce keep chin above Water, and if they bear down upon me I shall certainly Sink
Perjury
Bribery
Subornation
Corruption
Expences
Violence
Petition
Landed
Refreshing with right Geneva *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Mrs. Armstead drinks from a bottle; the Devil stands beside her with a glass, one hand on her shoulder. *BRACKETED* The next scene is  OPEN>> Settling the Election expences
Neat Lodgings
To be let and entered immediately
Going with a convenient Friend to a convenient House
Ways and Means
Chesterfields Letters
I am sorry Sir to intrude in this abrupt manner,— but do you know Sir you are in bed with my Wife?
Sir, I beg you ten thousand pardons! let me request you will be seated, and she shall be at your service in the course of half an hour!
Town and Country Magazine
Histories of the Tête-à-Tête . . .
Buck
Jerusalem
Memoirs of Buck Whaley
The Pun
Bulse
Well Done Sister Jane
My precious eyes Tom!!! heres a smash!!!!—hold on my hearties!! hang on by yr eyelids.
Darby and Joan
cit
Doctor Van Cheatall
Whitbreads Entire
Corruption
£600000
£10,000
Tax
Duty
Expences
Income Tax
Scicily
Portu *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Spain & P
£600000
Milling
War
Horse Guards
Be cautious my Love - don't expose your leg
The Devil Relieve you all I wish I had the Beting of ye I'd make ye remember yr Native Country
Guard, this is a troublesome fellow he wants to stop us
I wish I was in Beresford Place
V.1
Sweep her out of the House how dare She insult my Wife & Family.
give her an Ormond touch
Let me at her I'll let her know she shan't act the Bully this side the water
Come on you Old Beesom III beat you to Snuff
National Debt
Taxation
Tithes, Church Rules &c.
I think that John is sinking at last! No matter!! We are uppermost!!!
Black List
Softly my worthy Divine!! I fear we shall go down with him & be engulphed in the vortex that overwhelms him!!!
Nottingham
Poor Mobility elevated
May it Please ye,  OPEN>> Tis very *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* nown *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* y Some People al *BRACKETED* Some Honors *BRACKETED* had from the *BRACKETED* Forty f *BRACKETED* , When *BRACKETED* my *BRACKETED* road *BRACKETED* Re *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* did ap *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* sure cant forget Fletch *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* ley *BRACKETED* L *BRACKETED* , *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* has A *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* my Honors de *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> d. My *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* the *BRACKETED* now d *BRACKETED* splay'd, *BRACKETED* a *BRACKETED* tor is *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> d my sad loss to re *BRACKETED* Tho
Written and composed by Mr. Dibdin, for his Entertainment called The Oddities.
Dying Speech
Creul *BRACKETED* Fortune thus our hopes *BRACKETED* Destroy
Dam'd unlucky
*BRACKETED* ngs last Speech
300 per Ann for life
How the Gudgeons bite.
Now we have secured the flats, we can turn, and stop, as we like.
Mint Sauce
Right—Chair! Old Wit and new Wine.
Sternh *BRACKETED* and Hopkins
If my piece is secure I'll say Amen to the rest!
Germ-Saus . .
I shall sign the bill with pleasure, George thinks it will do
Egad! Egad! I'm afraid they'l coop us up.
If I have a good slice I'll bake it at the 3 C's.
I must follow in the course.
Why this should be secured by a patent,
Ay but shall I gain any thing by it.
Opening Draught
I have felt their pulse they'l do.
Tho I neither pay Scott or lot, I'll have a path to Illford!!
I must quit the Bush.
80 Acres of Glebe, will do for me.
With the help of a Plank we shall get over.
Not without a Turner
Hood
*BRACKETED* ay
*BRACKETED* ox
State of the Poll
Success to the Poll
Hood & Wray
Hood and Wray
Revd Mr Langford son of the Auctioneer
L'on te disait nécoëjfé, cependant tu viens encore de recevoir un fameux coup de peigne?
J'en conviens; je suis un homme rasé!!...........mais après m'avoir fait la barbe, tout défrisé que je suis je ne veux pas être passé au fer.
Bulletin de
Bulletin
Flour
Proud of imaginery Plume, Let none o'er modest worth presume, Some shew airs, where e're they got e'm Tho nothing but a Scrub at bottom.
What an impertinent fellow to keep on his hat before such a dignified Assembly!
None of your theese and thous here Sir—come to the point—we know you have evaded certain duties,
Pray Sir do you know what we sit here for?
Verily I do—some sit here for £500 others for a £1000—and more over I have heard it reported that some sit here for two—thousand pounds per annum
Horticultural Garden
By G—! B—m—G—d—n has spoilt my annual Breakfast
It is curious to reflect on what may be the consolations of Mr S—b—e under his present circumstances driven, like Adam from the Garden to the field—to the Zoological farm at Kingston what will be his next pursuit
Town and Country Magazine
Histories of the Ttête-à-Tête . . .
Suns with unbounded Applause, by Mr Incledon, in his Wandering Melodist.
From the glance of her eye, shun danger and fly, For fatal the glance of Kate Kearney
Popular Spray
Popularity
Vested Interests And Chartered Rights &c &c &c
There amiable Monster! In order to please you, we have thrown you All! should you require more, you must only take ourselves
It has been discover'd in the March of Intellect *BRACKETED* , that the Tail often outstrips the Head
But why approach so near the Tail, the goodnatured Monster may without meaning any harm upset us all in one of his gambols!
My reasons for so steering are pretty plain, tho' fortunately for me some people don't see them. It is by flattering the Tail, that I command the Head!
I tell you Bob the Monster is not to be satisfied
Yet I cant but think we might have succeeded in amusing it for a long time with a very small Keg
Our God & Our King
The Devil & Dr W—ts—n
NB the next Step it is thought will be into Straigh *BRACKETED* Waistcoats.
I like this fashion vastly its quite easy, and there's plenty of room.
Bless me these Dress makers don't give a body room to move, I'm not so very big neither.
go along you impertinent fellow, I have a great mind to kick your bottom.
Aye! but you can't you'll burst if you do
Medals
Ducats
D------ss of K-----
C------H------
D------of K----
Satirist
Explanation of the Plate
the witch of Endor
Protestant Blood
Bill of Rights
Habeas Corpus
Magna Charta
Spirit of Fitzg—r—ld hear! By the blood of Robespierre; By Danton's bowl; by Marat's Knife; By Napoleon's spell bound life; By the Shapes of Fear that wave The gorey wing oe'r Orleans grave Rise from thy dishonoured Tomb!! Crouching on the ground between Burdett's legs is O'Connell, much alarmed; one hand rests on a brief inscribed:  OPEN>> Retaining Fee in King v Magee 10 Guine *BRACKETED* s Councellor O'Connell
repeating Ave Marias
General Matthew
Burdett
Bryon
Matthew
Hutchins *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Landaff
Cheif of the Boys of Kil . . .
Pitt: by all thats Terrible.
Toleration For Ever Down with the Protestants
From the Red Sea by St Patrick
Town Talk
Oh! I have had a miserable dream So full of ghastly forms and nameless horro's! Methought strange phantoms, unsubstantial shapes Glided along; while in my palsied ear, piercing as death  OPEN>> A voice cryd  OPEN>> sleep no more
My life, my love, let not a dream disturb you, come to my arms and give your thoughts to pleasure.
Wher is the early promise of thy of thy *BRACKETED* greatness? hast thou forgotten Me?
I once believed thee faithfull. Now a victim to famine, poverty and woe, I fall unpitied by thee.
I also was credulous, and I also was desieved, my shamrock is withered and my harp broken and unstrung.
A Delicate Investigation
Can Slumber sit on that brow which ought to be wrinkled by agony  OPEN>> canst thou sleep undaunted by the threating forms which croud thy pillow.
Informations
Here are heaps of treasons, plots conspiracies and every description of mischief brewing in in *BRACKETED* various counties. every line smells of Gunpowder.
I have got a rare load too and seized a great many pop guns.
Hand writ *BRACKETED* on the wall—Balthazzar *BRACKETED* Mene Mene Tekel . . . Har . . . Daniel— *BRACKETED* Awake and banish sleep.
Come on my friends follow your leader Conscience and let us try the temper of his soul.
Wm Duke of Cumberland
A Wise Man of Gotham
Tonic Pills
Cantharides
Oblivion Water
My dear *BRACKETED* ince
dear
Youngs Night Thoughts
Reform
Seneca Mor . . .
Kings; Ovids Metamorphoses / The *BRACKETED* of Phaeton
Bill of Fare
*BRACKETED* sters Wors
Polish Pie
Order of St Andrew
Legion of Honour
Pray give a part of the Pie - to a poor broken down Prussian - you know you promised me formerly you would not touch it, but note you have reduced me to poverty - crutches, and a wooden leg - you'll not allow me a mouthfull - tis a very hard case indeed! pray remember a poor Prussian!!
I think I never relished a Pie so well in all my life.
Suppose Cousin we give him a small piece of the crust, just to keep him from grumbling.
Bill of fare for the next Treaty Feast Sweedish ragout Turkish hash Spanish ola podrid, English Roast Beef
Victoria
Sauve qui peut!!! how are you off for Greece?
Scheme to Overthrow the British Constitution, & to seize on all public Property and Invitation to the French Republic
Reports of the Secret Committee of the House of Commons.
Names of Traitors now sufferd to remain at large
Oath of the Members of the Society of the United Irishmen in London
Account of ye Lodge of United Englishmen, & of the Monks of St Ann's Shrine
Proceedings of the London Corresponding Society with a list of all the Members.
Plundering the Bank
£10000
Assassinating the Parliament
Acts and Statutes
Seizing the Crown. \\ Scene the Tower
New Coinage
New Guineas
Regalia of E *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . On the right a chimney-sweep and others dance round a bonfire in which  OPEN>> Records
Establishing the French Government. \\ St James s Palace
Vive la Republique Français
Grattans Address
Man of Fashion
*BRACKETED* ng William Fourth *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  is escaping. Pitt's left foot is on the Prince of Wales's feathers which have the motto  OPEN>> I command
Ich dien
TReason, TReason, TReason
Reason, Reason, Reason
My Right------No Scare-crow shall Master me
The Rambler's Magazine
Tis no bigger than my Thumb
Would I had known of this before Marriage
A Husband may Chastize his Wife with a Stick the Size of his thumb. Coke
An please you Master and Mississ, The Sailor Man has sent word as how the Wessel is ready to swim.
cit
Why my Dove—I am loaded with provisions like a tilt cart on a fair day, and my pockets stick out as if I was just return'd from a City Feast.
Dont be so Wulgar Mr Dripping—you are now among gentill folks, and must behave yourself—we shall want all the Wickalls on the Woyage depend upon it—bless me how Varm it is, I am all over in a muck.
Review
Truth
The Lethean Stream
Egalit *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  in which is a dagger, kneels terror-struck, shrinking from the darts of Truth; he drops his pen and a mask falls from his face. His ink-bottle, inscribed  OPEN>> Gall
Libels
Defamation
Sedition
Ignorance
Anarchy
Atheism
Abuse
Lethean Stream
Anti-Jacobin Review & Mag *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Above her head fly two winged infants holding up between them a crown; one holds the cross of Religion, the other the scales of Justice. After the title is etched  OPEN>> Magna est Veritas et prævalebit
Bills
Recetts
hatters Bill
Poulterers Bill
Fishmongers B
Hair Dresser
Taylors Bill
Butchers Bill
Docters Bill
Silve smiths Bill
Tooth Powder
Rouge
Otto of Roses
Secilian Wash for the Skin
The Stripes Poem
Who ne'er intermeddled with quarrels or strife. . . .
"Susanna |  OPEN>> I. and 10th | This love|ly damsel
And, they, sighed, softly and, deeply for they were, astounded at her, amazing beauty
Cant you give more emphasis to that passage; it is thus that all the pathos of my compositions is murdered every man but you would feel alive to so animating a subject!!!!
Bless me how she drills him! it is a sad thing to be under the petticoat goverment *BRACKETED* of a blewstocking! I pity her poor offspring!!
pâté de périgueux
vin de lafitte
frontignac
Clos de Vouge *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , and  OPEN>> . . . seac
Who Commanded on the 13th of June 1798 an Army of about 7000 Rebels, on the high grounds behind Lord Moira's house, near Ballynahinch was after the defeat of his Army taken prisoner the 15th Inst skulking in the fields. . . . he was tried by a Court Martial at Lisburn, where he had been a Shopkeeper) and on the Evidence of his own Adherents he was found guilty of High Treason and executed before his own door...
A slap at slop
ratting
By the first application of this varnish to BOOTS
Arrivée a Londres le 1er Novembre 1786, au frere Balsamo Soi-disant Prince de Trebisonde, Marquis de Harrat, Comte de Cagliostro, &c. &c. &c. Le frère titré ayant été rendre visite à la Loge Maçonne de l'Antiquité, avec quelques étrangers, le frere Mash Opticien, substitua par hazard et très innocemment, à une chanson qui lui fut demandée, un rôle de Charlatan, que Mr le Comte crut être joué exprès pour lui, cequi le fit déguerpir de la Loge, très mécontent du plaisir que le frere Mash avoit fait à la compagnie. Mr. Barker perruquier, King Street, Bloomsbury, Maitre de la Loge. Le Souper y compris le Vin et le Punch 3 Chelins par tête.
Abregé de L'histoire du Comte Arabe. Né, Dieu sait où; Maintenu, Dieu sait comme, Maitre ou Valet, Manant ou Gentilhomme; Voilà l'ami du Lord George G . . . . n: *BRACKETED* Voilà celui qui fut reçu Maçon Sous un nom faux: Enfant de l'imposture, Il dit  OPEN>> Je souis *BRACKETED* le fils de la nature.  OPEN>> Voyez en moi l'innocent Acharat;  OPEN>> Fenix, Anna, le Marquis de Harat,  OPEN>> Ie fas dou bien, j'ai fame charitable,  OPEN>> J'ai le secret de rendre l'or potable;  OPEN>> Ie guarris tout avec mon Balsamo:  OPEN>> Ce n'est pas tout, je souis purissimo. Beaucoup de gens, simples, folks, crèdules, Ont avalè les poudres, les pilules Du Charlatan qui leur parloit ainsi, De son Roman tel est le raccourci; Mais il s'en faut que ce soit son histoire, A tout le Monde il est enfin notoire, Que Balsamo fut un peintre ignorant, Qu'il fut, ensuite, un imposteur errant; Que par trois fois, il vint en Angleterre, A chaque fois changeant de baptistaire. Qu'il attrapa les braves Alsaciens, En leur donnant des Us Egyptiens. Strasbourg, Bordeaux, Lyon et Paris même, Se sont laissès prendre à ce stratagême. Au Frere Mash il ètoit réservé, Que par ses soins Londres fût préservé, De la leçon que ce frere lui donne; Profitez tous, Macons, car elle est bonne.
Per Dio Santo! Son Scoperto
Mr le Comte, je vais remercier ces Messieurs, et nous Sortirons
Et c'est là notre fondateur!
Quelle insolence!
Mon pauvre Acharat! Comme on te traite!
C'en est trop, partons
Que cela soit vrai, ou faux, que m'importe ?
Are you shot through the Heart? take a drop of my Balsamo
Tout se voit a la fin, Mr le Comte
Take your Hat, Sir, and God bless you. Huzza!
Sir, there is your Snuff Box. Huzza!
Huzza
Crimes
30,000
*BRACKETED* der Dr *BRACKETED* Bluff Beef Mutton &c. £70
Seven Qrs Rent due Lady day last ... £140. 0s. Repairs &c. as Pr Ordy go. £230. 0. 0.
T Squander Debts Certain 200 Uncertain 500 Due to Thos Squander 700 Against 1500. Debtr 800
*BRACKETED* ndums *BRACKETED* aro 20 EO 50 Phaeton Ponies 100 Lottery Insurance 75
Snip Tay *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . A stout man *BRACKETED* sits looking at a dog feeding from a bowl. Another dog *BRACKETED* pulls at the coat-tails of his master, the debtor. On the wall which forms a background is a framed  OPEN>> Perspective View of the Kings Bench
Ld Mansfield
A great talker is seldom a wise man
the less I say the better,
The way to immortality is to live well
cit
Youngster - heres to you I'm glad to see you in Town. Old Master Roscius your health - and may you get such another Boy every New Years Day for the Beniftt of the English Stage.
Town Talk
sports
Constitution
O dear I shall be down.
Well done my thriving County of H, when thou art placed in the opposite scale, that poor wither'd, meagre looking jade Brittannia is but a feather—take care of yourself Brit!!
Ich Dien.
This Shuttlecock is to light for me I'll have no more to do with it.
You have play'd with it till you are tired; but it suits me to a nicety, the game's mine Y-h take care of the Shuttlecock!
O yes Maam, I'll take care of the Shuttlecock I warrant you.
Treasury Stew
I'm tired of draging, I'll give it up Mate.
Place
Voters at Old Sarum 3
Aye You may drag away, but give me a corrupt maggot for catching, Gad I'm afraid it will break my rod!
I think you trouble the water still more, we Anglers will have no chances.
Let's have another cast made, it's the only chance in troubled water.
D—n it heres a Thames Flounder, but he  OPEN>> s off again
Road to Liverpool
I say Van there *BRACKETED* enough to regale the Voters of Old Sarum.
I have but a few small loaves and what are they among so many.
Mount Albion
Orde *BRACKETED* il, Orders
War
National Debt
Taxes
Sinecures
Secret Influence
Petticoat Government
Rotten Borroughs
Corrupt Influence
Taxes
&c
Mon cher Welington je commence a écumer j'espere que vous me Seconderez,
mon ami Blucher je sais pret a vous suivre mais surtout travaille fort cette nuit.
Hush! - Harkee! - open the door! - I want only to see if my Brother Citizens have Candles & Fires, & good Beds, & clean Girls, for their accommodation, - that all!!! Hush! open the Door! quick!!
Hay? - what? - let You in, hay? - no! no! - we're bad enough here, already! - let you in! no! - no! - that would be too bad; - You're enough to corrupt the whole College.
Secret Correspondence with O'Conner Evans Quigley Despard
Drive me to the Bastille you dog
To Cold Bath College, you mean I suppose! - to take up your Degrees Master.
Da locum meliorbus
A Pot Of—X-X—
BUL *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; in the froth are the heads of Wellington *BRACKETED* and Peel *BRACKETED* , the former looking sideways to the right with pursed lips, the latter looking more serenely to the left. On the tankard are the City Arms, one griffin being shown as the dexter supporter; it has the head of an ass, and turns its head to bray at the Duke. Beside the pot lies a tobacco-pipe, spilling its contents on to the paper, with smoke inscribed  OPEN>> Plot
Duke Wellington Brown Stout. . . Sir Robert P . . . Porter . . . Joey Hume . . . Swipes
deux Milords
Milon *BRACKETED* , Maître de ballet
Milords
Vestris Père
Virginie
Know all Men by these presents that if any accidents happen I do not Consider myself accountable for them after thus publiccally Warning every Person to keep within doors all all *BRACKETED* their live and Dead Stock!!
Hollo there, some body be so good as to catch my hat.
What are you at you young scoundrel are you going to ride over the Captain keep in your rank you.
What d'ye mean by that I have as much right here as you.
Curse the Horse how he Prances.
D------n the chimney Sweeper I thought he'd be over us.
Take care of the Apple Stall
O Dear Mr Soldier dont ride over me.
D------n me you'll kill the old woman.
What signifies that charge her to the parish.
Mind what you are hat - you Sir in the Blue Frock if you kill the Pigs it will be actionable.
Then let them keep out of the way of the Sarvice.
None of your tricks Jack dont Fancy you are in the shop now
Mind what you are about or you will be had before a Court Martial
I'm as giddy as a goose.
Warm work my Masters
Nothing when you are used to it
This is the way to march
What are you at you fellow in green are you going to poke peoples eyes out
When I kept the tripe Shop in the Borough who would have thought I should have rose to be an Insign.
Does any Gentlemen in the front ranks want a drap of good Gin.
By goles this thing *BRACKETED* is so heavy it's the best way to drag it along and not carry it.
I donna much like it
Libertas
Union
I appeal to the Court! notwithstanding his violence he declares he will dedicate his life to the accomplishment of his wicked purpose!!!
Bon jour Messieurs—I have no time to loose— adieu I'm off—le congress is disout *BRACKETED* .
Twelfth Cake
Elba
Hanover
Saxony
You: made that d—d confounded hole that let out Nap upon my Soul.
Poland
What made the Hole, it seems to me was Prus—a's blows at Saxony.
Italy
'Tis warm work  OPEN>> faith; I wish we'd here a Butt of Mr Whitbread's Beer.
D—n Whit—d! — let not that hard mouth dog be named
£500, 1768
£1000 1774
And he arose, and took Jesse, and her Lap-Dog by night and departed unto the Land of Forty-Acres
Old Tom . . .
from Mary-bone
Gin
Samuel Soot
Titus Tripe
Jerry Sneak
Socinian Creed
Answer
The free and easy sort shook well The R—l hand like friends The sheep-faced, sidling backwards fell Upon their nether ends. Part 6 *BRACKETED* .
Tentamen
A New Song
Sung by Mr Norman, at the Royalty Theatre, Wall Street, Wellclose Square
Gin
Over Board he Vent
on his wonderful Portugal Poney, with Oncle & Kussing Fischer, being the 3 members of that most wonderful Family, now the hopes of England in our arduous contest in Portugal
What-ho! does the Devil arrive! then we needs must get on
"His Ambition will lead him to attempt that one thing.
Life of Oliver Cromwell
"I dare do all that becomes a man,— | Who dares do more, is none!
depend upon every assistance from the Holy See also from France Italy Spain &c &c &c
We have had but 7s|6d in the pound we shall shortly demand the remaining I2s|6d D. O'C—nn—l.
House of Brunswick
Tria juncta in Meo
King
Lords
Commons
Oh what a thing it is to be in Love, To ride day and night; not to deliberate not to remember, not to have patience to shift me, but to stand stained with travel, & sweating with desire to see thee: Thinking on nothing else; putting all affairs in oblivion, as if there were nothing else to be done, but to see thee.
There my Lad is a fine buxom Widow, aye and warm too, if you'l have her you need not ask Dad, or any of your Acquaintance for any Thing, she'll finish your house, & furnish it too for you, aye & keep you warm in cold frosty weather with her fur skins, a rare match my Lad especially as you are fond of Widows!!
Another yet?—A seventh?—I'll see no more:— And yet the eighth appears, who bears a glass, Which shows me many more. / Shakespeare's Macbeth
the Hampshire Hog
Cobbetts Paper
The Weekly Penny Radical Subscription
1200
Jack Horner
Bladdud
Me teach de English Republicans to work. - Scene. A Ploughed Field
Description - A Row of English People in Tatters, and wooden Shoes, hoeing a Field of Garlic. A tall raw-boned Frenchman, with a long Queue behind, like a Negro Driver with a long Waggoner's Whip in each Hand, walking by their side. The People very sulky, but tolerably obedient & tractable for so short a Time ; John Bull being a bad Lad only when you are very good to him. The Group of the hoers are, a Husbandman, his Wife, a Manufacturer, a Curate, & an Old man; - in another Part of the Field *BRACKETED* , four other English people, a Father & Son *BRACKETED* with two Seamen, in a Yoke, drawing a Plough ; a French Farmer guiding it with one Hand, & with the other flourishing & cracking a French Postillion's long Whip ; a French Boy walking by the side of the Yoke with a Goad, which has a Point as sharp as a Needle, the French Hoe-driver gives his Instructions thus:  OPEN>> Jacques Roast-Beef, hoe straight, deep, quick & rest not.
Monsieur John Bull mon Ami
Regulations of this Farm., - *BRACKETED* \\  OPEN>> who lived as simply as ourselves, but both of us well;  OPEN>> how could we forget you? You would not have de- \\  OPEN>> serted us; but we deserted you. - But with the same \\  OPEN>> Weapons which should have defended you, we will \\  OPEN>> punish ourselves. We despise Life, we could submit to \\  OPEN>> Misfortune, but cannot bear the Consciousness of \\  OPEN>> not having stood or fallen with you. Oh England, \\  OPEN>> England, Country of every Bliss, for ever farewell!
old man
Messager d'État
And There lived in the Land of Uz a Certain man Whose Name was . .. & That Man Was perfect & Upright, One that Eschewed Evil.
High Stations are painful
High Stations Tumult but not Bliss create None think the Great unhappy but the Great
Peace proclaimed Octr 6th 1783
I have got my Liberty and the Devil Scalp you all
Vat for do you mind dot now Diego, here be ver good man, will let you have de nice Tobacco to make you amends
Ah me Signior! your Balls dat be all fire make me Shiver & cry for peace
Damme but you shall make peace Myneer, or never know the taste of Spice again
Vat Rob me & cut my troat too Myneer English!
Peace! Peace! says Monsieur, before Hood again calls; Spain Welcomes the sound, dreading Eliotts hot Balls; Return but my Gelt, Holland roars out in fear, I too will make peace; Indeed! will you Myneer! Aye Sink me you shall, and for you Miss revolt The time may yet come, to repent of your fault
Entrance to the Wild Beast *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Below:  OPEN>> Escorting four or five *BRACKETED* country cousins, on their first importation into London from the Terra Incognita of England, to the Lions the Wax Work, the Monuments &c &c.
Written by Mr. C. Dibdin; composed by Mr. Reeve; and sung by Mr. Grimaldi with unbounded Applause, in the New Comic Patomime *BRACKETED* , called  OPEN>> Harlequin Highflyer, or Off she Goes
General I greet you with the tydeings of complete Victory the Usurper and his Field Marshal have fled, and left all their Cannon, Amunition, Baggage, Military Chest, provision, and I here present you with Marshall Jourdans Baton of command!
May this Trophy prove—our hope of future victory, and England once more restore Spain to her lawful Soveriegn!
There goes King Joey!
Publica Fides
Publica Fides
4
B
Ind
3
Ind
charters
ROCK
Land Tax
Customs
Excise
Malt
Trade
Agriculture
Windows
Houses
Salt
Defender of the Faith
Defender of the Faith
St Withold footed thrice the Wold She met the Night Mare & her nine Foal, Aroynt thee Witch aroynt To every Independant Man in Great Britain this Plate is dedicated
Whig Stool
Tory Stool
There is no trusting I find to that deceitfull Ceylon Manufacture
Vanbuchel's Spring Garter
Two Views of the exact Size of the Duchess's Shoe
Infernal
A slap at slop
the Canaille
amidst a fry of wretches who has shoaled in *BRACKETED* from all the unheard-of holes of the City and suburbs
or | Comment se defaire d'un maitre. |  OPEN>> Still, however does Capo d'Istria strive to deter the P— from Accepting the Crown by frightful Representations
Kensington
Claremont
Fee! Faw! Fum! I smell the blood of a Grecian King
That Capo d'Istria has Managed the business admirably
Agad that fellow with the Mask has frighten'd him Out of his wit's
He's not half so frightened as he appears to be he only wanted an excuse to be off
Life in Paris
Rejected Petition
£7500 Per Anm Cabbage
We the Honourable Cabbage Company, feel ourselves in Duty Bound to Dub, your Lordship, Knight of the Shears, knowing your Lordship to be such an able Cabbager, and for the very Able manner in which your, Lordship suspended the Habeas Corpus! and our fellow Country Men.
Depend on it I'll not disgrace your Cabbage Company for I'll stick to John Bull's skirt he shall not want for Basting he shall find I'm no goose at Cabbage.
He hangs them Scott—free.
Such an ornament I never thought we should have in our Company he is the man that will Punish 'em Hang them I'll flog them.
Cabbage Record
Thy deeds ought to be Recorded in letters of Blood!
Reward of Cabbaging 10,000 £ per Anm
I have Cabbaged 10,000 from Bull Pr Am and I hope to Cabbage more before long.
I think I have Cabbaged well for I have got 45000 Pr Anm from Bull.
Wool Sack
Vaccine Pock hot from ye Cow
St Pancras
Benefits of the Vaccine Process
Opening Mixture
Vide - the Publications of ye Anti-Vaccine Society.
Oh! deer, Oh! deer, *BRACKETED* I Vound it out? I ben Ruin'd I ben Ruin'd *BRACKETED* She be Ruined.
In deed In deed my Love you made a Mistake!—.
Dont tell me *BRACKETED* you Found it out? I tell you my Daughter was a Maid and may be yet for ought I know, so lets have none of your Humbugs! D—n me I'm up to Snuff.
Betts Chickens
Tell her to Keep them out of the way till Humbug is gone to Germany.
your very good health Mister Paganini!
Paganini
Bravo Paganini
Bravo Bravo Bravo Bravo
Lets hear some Harmony
Ay Ay let's hear Bagoninny Baganniny
Music Music
Attention for Paganini
Silence for Paganini
"Oh! it's very well to Live on the Taxes—but the devil to pay them.
Taxes
Your Petitioners humbly implore Parish relief
My good Voman, vot should you have Children for—dont you know, there's no more hoperatives never vanted
Lethe Cheap Gin
Ruin
Here goes the last of my Farming stock
We Want Employment
Engine Hall
Steamall Vacum Gas Piston & Co
Steam
Silk wove by Steam
Gloves made by Steam
Bread Made By Machinery
tax-eaters
Permit
A Warden Pie
Ex Officio
Tax
If you think any thing more could be squeezed out of the Trading world, I'd be happy to join you in any Spec
Please Zir, theres nobody to buy our Crops, they'r gotten no money, & that ruins us, I don't suppose you think that any great consequence only we shant be able to pay you our rent, that might be inconvenient
A Land of Plenty
xxx
Tr--s--y
Constitution Proof
Regency
East India Bill
Promotion *BRACKETED* of Administration
Window Tax
Maid Servants Tax
Commutation Tax
Shop Tax
Fortification
Constitu *BRACKETED* ope of
Incorruptible by Interest and Uninfluenced by Power! Public Spirit without Party principles Huzza!!!
Men for Ministers and Boys for Pastime.
The Rights of the Females and No Tax under Petticoats
Milk of human Kindness
The curse of human kind
Oh Brothers, Brothers, suffer the love of Gain to be Overcome by Compassion for your fellow creatures, & do not delight to plunge whole Famileis in the deepest distress, by the untimely loss of their nearest and Dearest relatives
The preserver of the Human Race
Curse on these Vaccinators we shall all be starved, why Brother I have matter enough here to Kill 50,; And those would communicate it to 500 more; Aye - Aye. I always order them to be constantly out in the air, in order to spread the contagion
Surley *BRACKETED* the disorder of the Cow is preferable to that of the Ass
Bill to
Marsellois Hymn
Ca Ira
Thou shalt Murder
equality
Roland the Martyr
Condorcet
progrès de l'esprit
Poison
Recit de mes Perils
Marat the Martyr
Pétion starv'd *BRACKETED* Death
Barbaroux starved to Death
la Vendee
Assignats
My Prince I am returned overwhelmed with glory, to recieve the applauses of a gratefull nation. I am doubtless the greatest negociator in the World *BRACKETED* .
Patent of Peerage
Nobody doubts that but your own Countrymen, and they are d—d ungratefull; methinks you have accquired more gracefull attitudes since you went abroad, thank god you are come back, for we have had hard work to shuffle on in your absence.
By goles wee'l push; — the Minister about to night, and I'll brew such a bowl of punch you have'nt tasted this twelvemonth my Buck.
Now we shall have all the news about the dancing and so *BRACKETED* like— *BRACKETED* .
*BRACKETED* dget
welcome old colleague I have got a rare budget of noelties *BRACKETED* for your inspection.
Home Affairs
Treaties of Alliance
Projects
Papal Bulls
Contracts of Marriage
Protests of Saxony
Offensive and Defensive Alliances
*BRACKETED* of Poland
Indemnities
Grants
National Leger
Subsidy
Sic Itur ad Astra
*BRACKETED* r *BRACKETED* do *BRACKETED* ortiter in Re
Pol
Petions *BRACKETED* against Prop *BRACKETED* Tax
Altar of Reform
I vow an eternal enmity to their system - and if ever it shall be found that I join in their measures, may the execration and detestation of the world be my lot - and may the Creator shower down his curses on my head for my apostacy!!!
amen
amen amen
corresponding choiresters
amen amen
The Military Adventures of / Johnny Newcome, / with an Account of his / Campaigns in the Peninsular and in / Pall Mall: with / Sketches by Rowlandson; and Notes. /...By an Officer *BRACKETED* . / London: / Printed for Patrick Martin, 198, Oxford-Street, / . . . / 1815
Senior Cavigole Dealer in Army Stores
All sorts of Hams Tongues Pickles & Groceries Wines Rum. Brandy Hollands. Genebra and Pickled Tripes
Brandy
What you thinks as how I Cant See ferther than My Nose do ye but your Mistaken I Sees how Things are going and you thinks I've forgot the Ass in the fable but I an't I knows well how to Butter my bisceuits *BRACKETED* on both Sides, so a Speedy exit And soon *BRACKETED* Dye See I knows 195 is more than 186
What will you also Leave me before my Time Oh Sr Willy this Stabs me To the Soul and well may I exclaim Had I Served my Country with Half the Zeal I've Served my Friends I should not thus have been Left a Laughing Stock to mine Enemies
Whereas P-l and Co Bankrupts to Surender & Partnership Disolved
Satirist
Whitbred Entire
Wigs shav'd for twopence
*BRACKETED* ech on the Regency Bill 1789
Stationary &c
Gibbs Patent Rat Trap
Bull
Reformers Stop here
For Heaven doth know so shall the World Perceive that I have turn'd away my former Self, so will I, those that kept me company.
Spes columenque gentis
Filial Affection
We shall W***e
We'll teach you, you fricasee Frog eaters, what it is to board an English Man of War, have you forgot the Battle of the Nile already.
D
What! you'll never do so again eh. Ill just take off a wing or two, by way of Security.
a Circumstance which occur'd during the Battle of Trafalgar 12 Octor 1805 which strongly marks the invincible spirit of British Seamen when engaging the Enimies of their Country, - the Temeraire was boarded by accident or design by a French Ship on one Side and a Spaniard on the other, the Contest was Vigorous but in the End the combin'd Ensigns where torn from the poop and the British hoisted in their Stead - Vide Battle of Tralfgar, Admiral Colingwoods Dispatches
Fools Cap
Wonderful Discovery Carrotty or Grey Whiskers Changed to Black Brown or Blue—
Wig Oil One Guinea Pr Bottle
Macassar Oil, for the Growth of Hair is the finest invention ever known for encreasing hair on bald Places, Its virtues are pre-eminent for improving and beautifying the Hair of Ladies and Gentlemen—This invaluable Oil recommended on the basis of truth and experience is sold at One Guinea Pr Bottle by all the Perfumers and Medicine Venders in the Kingdom.
Bill, a familiar expression for William
The Reform Bill thrown out, eh? Tell your Government that the Reform Bill will not be thrown out;—that it will—nay, it shall pass. And likewise tell them this: that no minister ever possessed a king's confidence so entirely as Earl Grey does at this moment
This is more griping than the Cholera
Sleep on while I by heaven's high ordinance  OPEN>> In dreams of horror wake thy frightful Soul  OPEN>> Now give thy thoughts to me, let 'em behold  OPEN>> These gaping wounds-  OPEN>> Now shall thy own devouring Conscience gnaw  OPEN>> Thy heart & terribly avenge my Murder.
Ghosts of Ney & Labedoyre
N
Black Ingratitude & perfidy of the French Royalists in their base and Infamous treatment of Sir Robert Wilson & other English subjects in return for the generous and unexampled Efforts of the British nation which alone caus'd the downfal of Bonaparte & the Restoration of the Bourbons!!
Silly communication to the Chamber of Peers about the will of the Queen of Louis 16th
Ministerial Military Exercise Aye & No
Muster Roll
Names of Staunch Men
Names of Deserters
Military Chest
A Rose in January
An Ye should want a set of braw fellows fit for ony service, I ha them here ready for ye
Treaty for an Armistice for 14 days if Necessary
Now my Lads lets see if you are perfect in your Exercise!!! You will stick close right or wrong
Aye. Nor refuse a good place when it is offered
No. Of course all I say is truth
Aye, Nor you wont let the Enemy Contradit me
No
That will do very well and my Aid de Camps shall register you accordingly remember there is something good at the bottom of the Ches *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The text is headed:  OPEN>> Intelligence Extraordinary. Head Quarters, Camp, D——g-s——t *BRACKETED* ,  OPEN>> January
Parole
Steady
Pension.
Field-Marshal P——l, Commander in Chief of his M——y's forces, directs the army to hold itself in readiness to march on . . . the 23d inst. having received certain intelligence that the enemy who are in great force, and possess'd of considerable stores, ammunition, &c. from the Island of Walcheren, Spain, and Portugal, meditate an attack upon his lines at Fort Trea . . . ry.
Colonel
Field Marshal, the Marquis of T—perary . . . will command the Household Troops, and the Irish Brigade, . . . every eye will be directed towards him, as he will give the word of command from his  OPEN>> high horse
Lieutenant General the E—l of Ch——m will not be in the field  OPEN>> early
The Royal Standard
heavy
which has been offered to him
Scotch brigade
his Trumpeter, on a white horse
Mayor of the City
T T
Droll
Oh! fie my dear, let's go unto the Alter; And then you know our conscience cannot falter.
'Twas there the famous Catherine W----- *BRACKETED* And the more famous Taylor laid: Who after strugling hours two; Yielded their breath: let's do so too.
got by Jack-Painter out of Nothing by Placeman and Dam The Expence is very quick at turning and well calculated to ride to the Dogs.
LOT 3
No. 1 The Cries of Westminster by William Heath—
Sadlers Repository
Purity of Election | A Pretty Kit of | Newark Fish
Blue Devils
Harlot's Progress
Oh here you are—now for the Truth, the whole Truth & nothing but the Truth, by whose authority did you make Tools of the Clergy, to create divesions *BRACKETED* among their Parishione's *BRACKETED* , & become sources of discord instead of Peace Makers.
Indeed it was not my master but the Pit Club, to whom the Nation is so much indebted.
Yes to whome the Nation is indebted 9 Hundred Millions.
my Minor Cannon are of little use.
Besides the Ultras had a terrible weight of metal for the fight. They could muster all the great guns from Portsmouth; and if these did not do execution enough, they had at hand the little canons of Winchester
H. Broom Licensed Hawker.—Ad captandum vulgus
Cheap Law! Cheap Law! Two-penny-ha'penny law! Now's your time my boys, to get your bellies full
Why, Measter, I shou'd like to have a slice on't, only they says down here that its all wind, and only blows one up
I've had my belly full
Lad *BRACKETED* M-----ne
To Lady M------d
To the D------ss of D------e
To Miss Van------k
To Mrs F.....t
Fores Purveyer of Caracatures to the Public No 3 Piccadilly
Out of Fits
In Fits
Fat & Forty
Figaro
Partrige Purveyer of Geese to His Highness &c
Bullock Purveyer of Meat to His Highness &c. &c
New Road to Coventry
Reports
Returns
Orders
Pills
F *BRACKETED* R
Tune—"Liberty Hall
Cabbage Bag
Treasury Letter
I. Goose & Co Taylors
3
I *BRACKETED* 000 Newland, appearing in the doorway *BRACKETED* , hurries after him, saying,  OPEN>> Hollo sir - where are you going with those bags!
I am only trotting over with them to Johnny Mac Crees Banking House!
Hoot awa mon! - dinna be afraid - they will be as safe with me as in your ain Strong box.
Money Lent
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
or Approach of the Mayor and Corporation of London to the Throne
Town Crops
Having increased my Concerns and been oblidged to hire a larger Basket the Public are desired to pay 20 per Cent more for their Fruit
We overflow every night - its such a charming place to take the Town in - we do nothing at half Price.
Dont you! then it wont do for us, we can't stand to more, so we must Lounge the outside - tho' my Blood is in fine order for an inside kickup - a glorious Row *BRACKETED* Dam'me.
Croppers
Father zent I to zell zix loads of Hay and to buy a Mare thats what I be come to Town for.
Good lack! how lucky! I deal in Mares - come - go with me to the Turk's Head, and I'll help you to a bargain, as pretty, a young, nice, going thing as you could wish for - Its well the Scene is shifted - something may be got by these Country Crops.
Pit
Boxes
You see a little management and you may do any thing with the Town
We thrive, Sir, and no murmuring, all are satisfied
We want Money as sure as I can say Dam'me
In private Rehearsal, the Masque of Croesus translated from the Italian by Surface & Co
The Audience may depend upon hearing distinctly Mr Phillimore's Hearing being placed in the most distant part for that necessary Purpose.
Poor \\ Old Drury \\ Haunted \\ Tower.
Occasional Prelude
Biog. Dram
NB
Bayonne
Mercy on me who could have thought it from such a set of Lilliputians, why they are playing the Devil with our Brobdignag Army!!!
I say Nap you may as well put my Crown in your pocket, for you shall not catch me amongst such murderous looking fellows
Good eating & cool rooms
Wines
Dinners & shirt wash'd for 2 pence
Shafe & Cut hear
I. Nabbem Taylor
The Ministry Sir, is like a Thief in the Cellar eating his master's bowels.
nut
60.000
off-set
nutcracker
Commission £800 p. A.
Now my Lord! you shall see how well my New Toy can crack a Nut.—
I should not be surprised your H—ss; if after a little time he was able to swallow a Plumb!
John Bull Plums
100.000
View of Salisbury
£10.000 for Jewels
10,000 for plate
50,000 Pr Anm
We can soon find plenty of expert ones at that Trick— my Lord!!
What a usefull Toy!
Worm of Conscience
Frost
The Evening Star
The Star and Evening Advertiser
Bills
Tradesmens Bills
Murder! Murder! Macnamara
Tookes list of the Kill'd and Wounded
Massacre of Skipmen
Idesons Bad Votes
Blue & Buff Assassins
The Bottle of Wine & Butler
Seculum per Ignem *BRACKETED* .
Up with the Holy Office.
Down with the Constitution.
War to the Freemen.
Yes.
Laws
Magna Charta
Scabellum pedum Suorum
Look at this.
non mi ricordo
Thou sh *BRACKETED* not covet thy neighbour's wife
Thou shalt n *BRACKETED* commit Adultery
Innocent Adulterer
My Dear I shall not return till to morrow - Your Husband
The Electors are desired to Vote for Hearty Jack who in return will Poll for them the first opportunity
Jack Horner's principals of Whiggism
Crim. Con
First as a Consular Toadstool, rising from a Corsican Dunghill, then changing to an Imperial Sun Flower, from that to an Elba Fungus and lastly to a bunch of Violets, which are so disposed as to represent a Whole length Profile of Buonaparte, with a Bust of Maria Louisa, and her son the Prince of Parma
No Public Right of Way. Trespassers punish'd with the utmost rigour of the Law
What shall I say D—ws—n D—r?
Oh! tell him you are Lord John Russell, the Champion of all Freedom and Liberty
Lord John ! Lord John! I never heard of Lord John! who's Lord John?—Freedom! you be'nt free to come this way to an honest Man's field, Don't think to come here to tell me of my Rights
Nieuwe Klaghten *BRACKETED*
Staatkunde
in hande
600
credit
Plan van verbetering *BRACKETED*
The English must get to know us better, we ourselves know best what we should do. Trade and politics are always our business. I do not doubt but that the daily oppressions will turn out to the disadvantage of their perpetrators.
Complain unceasingly, forget not to recite the violations of our coasts and ships in the strongest terms, hold fast to your friend Mercury, through him will you be welcome everywhere, and so long as he stays with you you will be necessary to, and respected by, all your neighbours; for since everyone would gladly be under his protection, so will each one always keep an eye on him. It would be a disgrace for a lion not to roar once if his tail is unjustly pulled, it is imprudent to provoke him, because he grants everything in reason, and it is known that he is generous by nature.
So long as you remain a true Dutchman, I will not leave you. I am in my right place with you, for my disposition is rather to take care of myself than another. Your continual industry, your enterprise and reasoned though slow ingenuity, can make me flourish although/the present times are very dangerous for me, but where can I now enjoy permanent rest, without being one day obliged to rise out of my little cell from my book of reckoning, in order to extend my thoughts and vision over more spacious fields.
a very eminent Englishman
Lord N****
. He says,  OPEN>> Ah my dear Lord, what is wrong now, let your eyes feast once on this still unfinished picture, troubles within and without consume us.
Het verwar de Eiland
Let us treat this hot fever with which the entrails of the state tremble, even if it should become worse, on the old lines, like the Scottish affair, firmly but according to their wish. It is well, since we can now grant it as masters, but above all things do not leave out the words  OPEN>> since we now find it of service to us
What a heavy burden it is to carry a weight which the whole nation might lighten, each new event encroaches on my schemes. The Dutch make ever stronger complaints, and now begin to threaten a little. The French have now a strong influence in that country, they do not obstruct their trade, or capture their ships, yet it is we who pass for friends and what is more, for allies.
Well begun, but not yet completed. Should the resentment of the passionate public not subside, what will happen to Gordon? It does not become a nobleman not to adhere to his purpose. People might say,  OPEN>> What is that hot-headed fanatic beginning to do ? If he meant well, why is his country in such straits, filled with domestic disturbances and disasters ? This is the conduct of a fool, and if he is not that, he must surely be a rogue, since he lays in wait in order to overthrow by violence and mishandling, when he was engaged on other business, suited to a proud nobleman, which never gave occasion for unrest and entanglement.
Talmud
Long live Humphries the Victorious, who in a bloody fight overcame the 12 Tribes of Israel Hallelu. Halle.
The Hero of the World!
Fashionable Advertiser
J. Bell & Co.
Lo he was sorely bruised & much dismayed for he had been dealt heavily with; then came certain of his Tribe & minister'd unto him, among the rest a Man named G: Moses *BRACKETED* lately a Convert to their faith. And many of the chief Men of the Land assembled on this Occasion, & the Magistrates of the City; so that there was a great Multitude, yea verily a mixed Multitude, & they rent the Air with shouts & Acclamations
Run away from Moscow
Sacre Dieu!! Plot Anglois!! D—n'd Dogs & Bitches!! not a Dog in Paris but shall feell my Vengeance!! Shoot! Hang! them all!! Not the Empress's Favorite shall escape. D—nd John Bull, D—nd Russian Bears, not content with hunting Me from the frightfull Climate but sends Mad Dogs to Hunt me in my own Capital!!!
Sire be Pacified. All the Dogs in Paris shall be tried by a Military Commission for a Conspiracy against your Sacred Majesty, all John Bulls, Bull-Dogs, shall be Destroy'd! Pomeranian, Danish, Mastiffs & all but your Majesty's own breed, Blood Hounds!!
But the circumstance said to have annoy'd the Emperor most was, Some Wags of Paris taking of Dogs, and for sev'ral nights together, tied Tin Kettles to their tails & labels round their necks, with the words  OPEN>> Run away from Moscow
£2,000
£10,000
£50,000
This Scotch paper diet has brought me to a consumption
Scheme for paying off the National Debt
I will not at present promise to pay 17 Millions in ten Years
We'll over the Water to Charly
The deel away wi ye all ye English Pudding-bags ken ye nae that Paper is lighter of digestion than Gold
Oh I am Sunk for ever
Let me hide my Face, how can I now shew my self to my Creditors
I must take a little Dutch Courage - for I am sure I shall never attempt it in my sober senses! Besides when John Bull catches me I can plead that it was only a Drunken Frolick! Diable! if I not go, den all my Soldiers call me Braggadocio and one Coward. - & if I do go - dey vil shew me in the Tower as one very Great Wild Beast
GR \\ WP *BRACKETED* Sec.
Boydell's Shakespeare
slider
Surrey Lime Kilns
One at a time— its not like Petersfield yet. Mind how you come
How comfortable Nunkey looks
This is what it is to be brought up at Petersfield
I think we would find it more convenient to review the troops on foot
So you'r the last! says this brave honest Man, Now Nap return to Russia if you can.
to be sure there's no likeness between us, But to show that a Goddess to kindness so prone is, Your looks shall soon rival the handsome Adonis.
Heaven preserve me, If my face you improve, Zounds, Madam, you'll starve me
1813
1814
Discordia
N
Concordia
The Chains he forg'd for Myriads, to bear, To his last hour may he be doomd to wear. War, cruel War, has ceas'd its bloody reign. And Peace appears, with Plenty in its train
vive Alexandre
Vive L'Empereur Alexandre.
A bas le Tyran,
Bourbons,
La Burbons *BRACKETED* .
Vivent les bons Allies
Alexandre.
Voici mon fils bien-aimé, qui m'a donné tant de satisfaction
Trafalgar
Stupete gentes! Reperit vivum Diogenes
Ameriq. Septent
Ministre plenipotentiaire a la cour de France pour la Republique des Provinces unies de l'Amerique Septentrionale
Né a Boston le 17 Janvier 1706
French Habits, N° 3
profil perdu
not Byng
Thou art a retailer of Phrases; And dost deal in Remnants of Remnants, Like a maker of Pincushions. Congreve's Way of the World, Act IV. Scene 9.
Hebrides
remnants
Wanderer
Flora McDonald
duck master trod on good luck odd and
Montague
Witches Second Sight
Hawkin's Thrale
Piozzi
Whigs
H. More
William III Scoundrel
Percy
Drunkenness
Climate or Company
Savage Lord.
Bacon's Apothe *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Erasmus Ada *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Anecdo *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Rabi. .. kimon
Janus Vitalis
Did your Lordships ever hear of such an infamous Scoundrel?
Wont you come, wont you come Mr Mug *BRACKETED* .
Avaunt thee Satan.
Cat and Bagpipes
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Town Talk
Cavendish Square
No bad scheme of Sr Harry's to get the Amateur *BRACKETED* to perform today! tolerable attendance.
What do you think Tom of our new fellow Servant! did Master get him from Bond Street.
Oh No! hes not one of the Loungers *BRACKETED* Master had him from Exeter Change *BRACKETED* he has been well educated you see.
Romeo
I scorn that odious uniform which would hide the graces of my form and those detestable boots would spoil a most delectable leg!—Bless us! how we draw, out of the theatre as well as in.
I'll back him to spar with Molineaux at St Martins Court for the benefit of Carter.
Aye my Lord! or I'll take the chance of the day for my debt, and remove the execution from your carriage and horses.
your lordship had better take the Opera House, as it will be for a charitable purpose.
The Hobbies! The Hobbies
Cock a-doodle do
The Monologue
Bravo Romeo.
Written by an Amateur, expressly for Mr. Johnstone, and sung by him at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane, with unbounded Applause, in Mr. Cumberland's New Opera of  OPEN>> The Jew of Moga-dore
Paradise Lost
"And now St Peter at heav'n's wicket seems  OPEN>> To wait them with his keys, & now at foot  OPEN>> Of heav'ns ascent they lift their feet: - when lo!  OPEN>> A violent cross-wind from either coast  OPEN>> Blows them transverse, ten thousand leagues awry  OPEN>> Into the devious Air: then might ye see  OPEN>> Cowls, hoods, & habits, with their wearers, tost,  OPEN>> And flutter'd into rags; then Reliques, Beads,  OPEN>> Indulgences, Dispenses, Pardons, Bulls,  OPEN>> The sport of winds! - All these whirl'd up aloft  OPEN>> Fly o'er ye backside of the world far off  OPEN>> Into a Limbo large, & broad, since call'd  OPEN>> The Paradice of Fools! Milton B. 3d
Popish Supremacy
Ireland
England
popish
Order of St Patrick
Buonaparte
Catholic Emancipa *BRACKETED* . His cardinal's hat flies off; from his left hand blows a document with many seals:  OPEN>> Hierarchical Powers of ye Legate-Cardinal Volpone
. . by the Brighton Abbess System of Education for the benefit of Protestant Children
abbess
N
Religion à la Paris
Petty, Prayer *BRACKETED* of the Fathers Ignat. . *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Behind them walk erect a group all wearing the high biretta of the Jesuit, with gown and bands. They are led by Windham, holding up in the r. hand a flaming paper inscribed  OPEN>> Weekly Register
Auto de Fé - scene in Smithfield
Vigour'beyond the Law
Instructions for the Advocate of the Holy Order
Purgatory
Holy-Water from ye River Jordan
Transubstantiation or Oil-Cake turn'd into real Mutton with the method of Feeding ye flock at Wooburn Priory
Whitbred Bottled Porter
Vespers
Decretals
Relicks
Balaam Ass
St Ignatius Breeches
Virgins Hair
Virgins Milk
Dispensations
Anathemas of the Church
Absolutions
Indulgences
Pardons
Infallibility
Miracles of ye Chu *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Raising Dead
Pennance for Penitents
Truth
The Whole Art of Legerdemain or the Black Art laid open and explained ..
Charges against W: Hastings
Discharged his Majesty's Service
Sinew of Rebellion
Fire is the best Weapon you can Use -  OPEN>>  It is filled with sticks of combustibles. Two grenades project from a bulging breeches pocket. From his protruding lips issues a blast inscribed:  OPEN>> Inflammatory Harrangues \\ To stir up the People to \\ Acts of Sedition \\ Mutiny Treason \\ Rebellion.
Punctual discharge of my Duty to my Constituants *BRACKETED* Colleagues
Remonstrance from my Constituents for non Attendance
Head Quarters Craven House *BRACKETED* Crown & Anchor Parole Reform - Countersign - Anarchy
cit
Ships. Colonies and Commerce
Russian Vengeance attend John Bull. A fat Dutch burgher puffs smoke towards John, saying, III eternally smoke him
Let him tremble at the name of America
Beware of Prussia
Austria will never Pardon him
Spanish Fury overtake him
Let him beware of Denmark
Dont make such a riot you little noisy Brats, all your bustle to me is no more than a storm in a Chamber pot
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Noah's Ark
John Bull's Examination
Amount of Income 24,000,000 Expenditure 80,000,000 Dr Nick Frog 10,000,000 Paul Bruin 1,000,000 Frank Force Child 8,000,000 Will Eagle Eye . 6,000,000 Ferdd Faithless . 30,000,000
Oh you extravagant Rascal, I told you long ago what it wod come to
This comes of your foreign partnerships, you old fool in teaching them yr business & now they have set up against you
Curse your propensity in teaching & showing them all yr Manufactorys Haven't we sent you a Thousand Letters praying of you not to go on so
You Villin after engageing us for life to turn us off without work & without money
Habeas Corpus
Silence in Court.
a MS note calls him  OPEN>> Mr. Fitzgerald
Instructions
Rodney do all in Your Power for the honour of my Crown & the Good of ye Nation
May it please your Majesty I will never fear a Lee Shore but Conquer or Die.
I would recommend Sr Hugh P . . . r
Delphine
Honey Water
Eau de Cologne
Otto de Rose
Esprit de . . .
Ross's Elastic Wigs
Huile Antique
Tales of Wonder
Fashionable . . . Me . . .
Faublais
Uncle Thoma *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Rosa Matilda
Noon
Opera Dances
Free Trade / TY
A Survey of Buckinghamshire
Any Port
Liverpool
Hull
Glasgow
Bristol
Any Port
Any Port
I have been catching Herrings at Hastings these sixty years, and nothing the richer. The Sally and Joe is a tight little Vessel so I'll e'nn *BRACKETED* try a voyage to the East!
East Wind
Why this Trouble For a Bubble.
the East In *BRACKETED* Charter
Puff
Licence
Ah de Bubble be as good as my Russian Campaign.
French Exchequer
Licence
How many slave with toil and trouble, Whose projects prove at last a Bubble
Sam House
Devonshire
Sure Votes
Fox and Liberty
Fox
Sic Trancit Gloria Mundi
Three Bees *BRACKETED* suspended viz Buonaparte & Burdet over Bar—g but under their Deserts: viz a Gibbet!!!
Burdett.
Baring
Buonaparte
Park Lane
The Monk
Having made a newly-rolled gravel walk, finding some friends whom you had asked to dine with you, amusing themselves before dinner, by drawing each other in your childs chaise, which disastrously stood at the bottom of the garden within sight, seeing the narrow wheels cut up the walk most unmercifully, and being deterred by a false notion of politeness from giving them a hint to desist
dwarf *BRACKETED* stands beside Glumdalclitch's empty chair at the dinner-table. A marrow-bone stands erect on the plate; from this emerges Napoleon, three-quarter length., wearing his bicorne and clenching both fists. The  OPEN>> dwarf
There you little insignificant Pigmy, I've Bone'd you.
cit
cits
A Convention
National Honour
Londinia
The Road from Rochford to ye Tower
Tory Administration
Places and Pensions Ledger Vol. 22
Submission
Reluctance
Indemnity
St Luke
Proverbs
xi Chap 28 v.
XII Chap. 5 v.
Milan Commission
cit
Patent
More Wages,
More Profit.
More Wages, you Scoundrels! will you never be satisfied! have'nt I given you House and increased your wages at different Tunes for Years past, and now you want more! But I'll dispense with ye all, so out of my House, ye pampered Knaves! you have pretty near stript me, theres my wig among ye! I'll put on this patent Narcotic Night cap and sleep till you have come to your senses again, so take yourself off to your advisers! Off with you! off!!!
Home Brewed
No Mans Entire
More Profit
Best Virginia
More Wages
More Wages
Water
The Life of Comoro
cit
J. Bull
Ins
Outs
None see themselves but by reflection.—In this glass you may!
House of Office
Ich Dien.
Privy Purse
Mac! we must Strain hard & practise a little Economy & endeavour to fill the Privy purse with our own Exertions & not call upon John Bull.
Wool Sack
Chancery Bills
Oh! sweet Edinboro
Kings Bench
Waste paper
Lord Cochran's Charges!—
Oh Law! Oh Law!—I'll Grunt & Strain as much as any of you in favor of Retrenchment Therefore abridge Bonapartes princely allowance at St Helena in Short do any thing except abolishing the Sinecures in Banco Regis!!
Irish Blaguard
The expence of restoring the Bourbons & keeping them on the Throne has given us the Gripes & brought us to a Stool—of repentance!— The People *BRACKETED* say there is a terrible Looseness in our Operations & that we are Privy to the present Disorders in the Intestines of France—Our Bowels are too tender to bear such insinuations without great pain Oh!—Oh!—Oh!—Oh! oh! &c.—
Treasury Bench
To Mr Vansh—ttart C—r Ex—r
My bowels yearn for the loss of the Property Tax! we shall be forc'd to lay a Tax on the Necessaries of the People & purge the State from all useless Offices!—
4000 Petitions agt the Property Tax destined for the use of Privy Councellors in the Temple of Cloacina
37 Cathartics for Ministers—from the Majority agt the Property Tax.
Honi soit
Fare thee well...
Brief
Original Drawings by Woodward.
The / Caricature Magazine / or / Mirror of Mirth / Being a Collection of Humourous / and Satirical Caricatures / Designed and Engraved / By Thomas Rowlandson, Esq. / London / Published by Thomas Tegg / 111 Cheapside
Antartick Circle
Artick Circle
D--n me Jack how the Dutchman Grins
Ah Monsieur You have got your Neck in a halter
Gentlemen you see my Deities are now actually in the Clouds, Jupiter has knock'd, down Apollo. - But Gentlemen the Scene will presently change and you shall see him Shine with redoubled Splendour upon Earth
Vacant
Ganymede
Nantz
Brandy wont save you
Mercury *BRACKETED* , with wings bound to his head by a fillet; he stands in profile to the left holding out a trap from which hangs the body of a rat; in nis hand is a tartan plaid.  OPEN>> Cupid
Pull away Old Wine Brewer mind the Seventh Commandment
Hold your jaw Mr Alderman we're both on a side now.
Neptune
12 April \\ ki *BRACKETED* ld o \\ *BRACKETED* ded o \\ - n. o.
Mars
Cash Coals Candles Cartridge
Hercules
Heads of my next speech - marriage The Pope Hell and The Devil
Damn your *BRACKETED* upid head Mr Rigma Rolle you will let us down by God.
Jupiter ------ Mr Pett *BRACKETED* Mercury ------ Mr Scotmam Cupid ------ Master Sydney Hercules ------ Mr Thurlow Mars ------ Mr Richman Neptune ------ Mr Hoode Ganymede ------ Mr Rows & Momus ------ Mr A. Squintun & Assistants ------- Mr Rigmarolle & Mr Jo. Donefort Any money taken \\ none returnd
Mr Rigmarolle
Rolliad
Memoirs
Donefort
Pitt in the Chair of our State Lord May'r With a Nod Peers by God Keeps in Awe. If he wink Bishops shrink If he speak Commons squeak Poor England's but his Taw *BRACKETED* . Cock of the School, he bears despotic rule His word tho' absurd must be Law. Even Fate tho' so great, must not prate, his bald pate Pitt would cuff, he's so bluff &c &c For a Straw. Da Capo.
Maugre; the Dreams of Folly & Madness—
Constitution. G.P.R. Commander.
Laws
Daring Misrepresentations
My Imitations of Old Declaimers
Look'ee Mr Golumpus if you don't belay yr Jawing tackle & call all hands from yr pumps; shiver my timbers, if I don't send you to Old Davy with one of my Stern Chasers!
Composing Pills
Political Hoaxing
Spences Plan
Treasonable Machinations
Libel
Good Old Times New Revived
Come my hearty's let us give 'em three cheers—see! one of the sharks *BRACKETED* is dead, & gone. & the others are pretty well smoaked on all hands already.! Huzza! huzza!—huzza!—Old England Honor & Security for ever!
Integrity
The Old Soldier
King. Constitution.
chapeau bras
A 74 Dutch ship sunk in 22 fathoms of water
Bla------t my Eyes Get Back in the Texel
I'm sinking
Petticoat Lane
Fire Plug 6 . . 1/2
R R
Madam Governess. not one of us can behold without a most lively interest, that August Infant—on whom rest so many Destinies, and whose Age and Charming—Qualiteys, inspires the Most tender Sentiments in the French and Surrounding Nations.
Monsieurs, —I thank you for the polite and flattering encomiums, You are pleased to bestow on me—I thank you in the Name of the Young Prince, Whoes Charms are Inexpressible. and regret that he can not add his personal sentiments to those which I entertain, to the—Legislative Body.
Shi—en Clouts
Royal Clouts
The Stench from the Young Urchin is intolerable—he smells like a pole Cat.
Foul Linen
Well Tom!—I am station'd in Abbots Park for three months—come over & feed in my Quarters.
ha! ha! ha! I quitted the Priory only last week
A further suply to George and Frederick
Do you dare to Hint your K--g can do amiss Out of my Sight, what. what. what. - whats all this
May the Curs'd Cook be Trebly D--m'd Zounds she dont think I will be cram'd With Mutton stinking & Quite raw, Wou'd the hot Coals were in her Maw.
so Madam here is Dainty Work, Your Master's swearing like a Turk, if his Meals Spoild another day you & the Cook shall both away
By Goles my Mistress now shall know, what scenes are going on Below look not at me with so much scorn your Drunk ye Beast from Night to morn My Master too's in such a Fury he swears he'll hang you without jury.
A Fig for all your Trumping *BRACKETED* The manservant standing in profile to the right, his fists clenched, kicks a sturdy butcher who carries his tray under his arm. He says:  OPEN>> eh mon Ami, you bring de Meat, dot smell so vile, de Doge wont Eat Allez vous en - Vous d------d Jack Bull By gar me Crack your von Tick Scull
That Devilish thing they call the Law Keeps us Poor Butchers all in awe Or Eke Monsieur should Quickly know I'd pay him tenfold for his Blow. But as I can't Retaliate I'll vent on thee curs'd Hound my Hate
Chouder now from the Butcher free Attacks Grimalkin furiously Glutts all his anger on the Cat Who in return falls on a Rat
and by Depriving it of life Ends this long Chain of noise & Strife.
Anti-Jacobin Review
I confess, that I became an United Irishman in 1796 & a Member of the National Executive, from 1796, to 1798. I knew the offer of French assistance was accepted at a meeting of the Executive in Summer 1796: I accompanied the Agent of the Executive *BRACKETED* through Hamburgh to Switzerland, had an interview with General Hoche *BRACKETED* on which occasion every thing was settled between the parties with a view to the descent *BRACKETED* . I knew that in 1797 a Fleet lay in ye Texel with 15000 Troops destined for Ireland I knew of the loan negociating with France for Half a Million for the new Irish Government
The Press by O'Connor
I swear that he is perfectly well affected to his Country, - a Man totally without dissimulation - i know his principles are the principles of the Constitution
Letters to Lord Ed F. M O'Connor &c &c.
Four Evangelists
I know him intimately; - I treated him, & he treated me, with Confidence! - & I Swear, that, I never met with any man, so determined against encouraging French Assistance
in this country
His friends, are all MY friends! and I therefore, feel MYSELF intitled upon MY Oath, to say, that he is incapable, in MY judgement, of acting with treachery, & upon MY oath, I never had any reason to think that his principles differed from MY own so help ME god
I consider him attached to constitutional principles, in the Same way as myself
I consider him as a gentleman acting warmly in the political line and attached to . . . *BRACKETED* .
He favour an Invasion of his Country by the French? - no! no! - quite the contrary! - I know his Character
quite
rather
He has the Same sentiments as every one of the Opposition
I have always told Lady Suffolk of his extraordinary abilities
I have always told Lady Suffolk, and the rest of my friends . .. *BRACKETED* .
Charges of High Treason against Arthur O'Connor, Oliver Bond Dr McNevin
Westminster Election
Deceit
Sedition
Conceit
Vanity
ssss *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  issuing from his beak. On the disk is a crown on a cushion; it is encircled by the words:  OPEN>> The Sun of the Constitution
Reform
Charges against St Vincent.
Quassia
Elliots Home Br *BRACKETED* , drops off, and its foaming contents pour down. Elliot drops a paper:  OPEN>> Sixpenny Jack's Address
St Pauls
St Giles
St James
Burdett & Reformation
Burdett & Popery
Burdett & Revenge
Burdett and Opposition
Burdett
the first Rehearsal of an heterocli'tical Farce . . .
Life is a Jest and all  OPEN>> things
Cæsar
Cleopatra
a common St Giles's drab
Anthony
Lepidus
Doctor Sangrado
Vide Viscount Itabayana's Letter, dated May 8, 1828, respecting the Portuguese Dividends.
Mercy! I won't do so again
Plymouth Depot
Belfast Steamer
The Times
Times, do your duty
The Times
It sha'nt be melted; it shall be my chimney ornament
Provisions for Terceira
Constitution
Constitution or death
Is it thus you deal with my credit? You'll suspend my dividends, will you, and lay them out in fooleries.
Foreign Loans
Portuguese Bonds
Don't forget the Convention of the 29th of August 1825
Terceira
Subscriptions gratefully received for Terceira
Income Bill
Indemnity Bill
Security Bill
Subsidy Bills
Sedition Bills
Sundry Bills
Well good bye - I am worn out in your service - but I leave you in the midst of peace and plenty *BRACKETED* - my load is very heavy to be sure, but I will endeavour to bear it, - so farewell, - take care of my Successor
He could not fall into better hands depend on it
A slap at slop
Gentlemen my friends despise & d—n England Russia Prussia Germany & Sweden & obey me & I will make Kings of you all.
Sale Custom House *BRACKETED* outh
Mr Hick------I dont love fighting *BRACKETED* James
There's a Wipe for him, if he Pockets this, he'll Pocket any-thing
The Porter and Carter a New Song adapted for rough Music
Question to be debated at the sign of the Loggerheads during the War - Has not every Private of a Volunteer Corps a right to be an Officer
Volunteer
if you don't mind your buisiness I think our Master will Cash-ear You that's my Opinion
Pho! Why this smells worse than a musty Beer Barrel don't it whats to be done now? I can't Pocket this Affront decently.
why Jemmy not without smelling a little, pluck up Courage my Boy and have a pop at him if you could but pop him off, I might pop in.
for my charming Betty yet
Portsmouth
PLV
"O Say British Youths is it Valor you boast  OPEN>> Why then fly unanimity's charms,  OPEN>> Pray tell us contenders, were foes on our Coast,  OPEN>> Wouldyour enmity strengthen our Arms
Here we go up up up up, and here we go
Hollo! you'll be down if you don't mind
Agad! I begin not to like this play as well as I did at first
Well you have got it all, Pray what do you all do for it.
I have my money for being a Prisoner in stead of haveing my Head cut off.
Titles & Money
my money is for beating your Enemies.
Cash
to Lord Castle mar
and mine for Robing your Friends.
the cash I have is for Drinking Eating Sleeping & W-eing.
Privy Purse
You cannot Mr Bull think much of my Little considering the weight I have on my back.
60.00 *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; he says:  OPEN>> Vot I got vas for takeing a vife and all the Troubles with her.
Milliners Bill for John Bull to pay—6.600.
Mine Mr Bull was for takeing a poor Man for a husband to make him rich *BRACKETED* .
I would not take my Little Mr Bull but the Times are so hard & Strasburge *BRACKETED* so Dear.
Gentlemen of the Army on the Peace Establishment
Cost
Geny of the Gown Loaded
I hope your H--gh--ss is satisfied now that I am a Man of Honor, by my firing thro
Satisfied? yes I am satisfied! that your whole race are a set of dastards! - & you may fire at me till the day of Judgment, e'er I will retract my opinion - or honor a Coward, by putting him out of the World!
Lord Raw--n
Gunpowder is disgrae'd when used upon such reptiles! make them eat their own words, till they are choak'd, thats the way to quiet Charles's-bastard-brood
Lord Wine--l--a
Would that I had not meddl'd in the business, or, that I could get over to the other side.
"speak no more, / I'll not be made a soft & dull ey'd fool, /To shake the head, relent, & sigh, & yield.
Les Francais unis sont invincibles
Now you have made your Bow retire till we order you in again Va-t-en
Va-t-en Va-t-en
Finesse
A clear & explicit explanation of an intended Negotiation to procure an hon *BRACKETED* able Just & Permanent Peace according to existing circumstances
Aye, Aye, as clear as mud
Directory
60,000 Foot Militia
200,000 Fencibles
60,000 Additional Seamen
40000 Horse 100,000 Yeomanry Cavalry
Navy Victualling Exchequer Bills Funded
50 000 Game Keepers for Rifle Men
Another Loan of 40.000.000
Fortifications all round the Coast
Well! I have no objection to the price, but you'll answer for it, He wo'nt refuse timber?*.
Refuse timber!!—Why he'll leap over your Head,—what do you think of that!!
A, Keen, | Horse Dealer
Note *Refusing Timber, is a sporting phrase for a five bar'd Gate.
You see Gentlemen with what ease it swallows Houses, Ships, Treasure Chest, Landed estates, Cattle, & Merchandize I shall be much surprized if he does not in a few years *BRACKETED* all the property in the united Kingdoms.
Looke Pat, he makes no more of em than you or I would of a hazel nut, the Devil take the fellow that brought it to this Country *BRACKETED* . Pat says:  OPEN>> By Jasus, hee seems to have eat himself all but the Tail.
By St Andrew the very sight of him maak's me itch to eemigrate.
To Ring's End
Sr Dennis Doyl with Speed
Good dry lodgings
Dangerous when you See the 2 Small Posts in the Water become Invisable - if you cant Read Inquire at Davy Drench's whole tell you all about it.
My honest Frinnds as you pass by Were hard at work and very dry.
Maternal Love
Oh what a charming Thing is eating
cit
Wots to become of all the Wittles let me ax you that—wot are we to do with the Wittles eh?
Don
Mayor
Satirist
*BRACKETED* ll Butcher
I wish his head had been in it with all my heart and soul!—I am glad to see you my very good friends.
La! sure—such fine beards & whiskers!!! Bond Street is nothing to them do but Lookee John—now Lookee!!!
The rascal himself made his escape from Justice! I was just in time to run my Spear through his Hat.
W.H.B.
Rambler's Magazine
The American Resolves are a Devil of a Dose
New Members
Civil List in Arrears
American Constitution
List of Pensioners
American Resolves
The Colonial Merchants and the American Revolution
Philip Playfair, esq.
chief pawn
Sir Exoff
Birch
Ah Woe is me seeing what I have and seeing what I see
Come cheer up my little Nicky I'll be your Empress.
Boneys Baggage
We had better empty this & make another mess
They like high season'd things, a few force meat Balls will make it go down
I must give it tother puff
I have Cook'd speeches before now, Sure I know how to Cook Porridge
They wont Swallow it they say it is not palatable
Put in more peper of Rodney and salt of Wood.
Pray sup a little Mynheer
I'll have none without my friends like it
I'll not taste a drop till I have taken Giberalter
By gar its not so good as soup Meagre.
The State Cooks a making Peace-Porridge are found Which they hand to our different Enimies round. But they all seem averse, and will not hear Reason And swear that it wants more Ingredients & Season, Ah! what can the Cooks do in such a hard case? If such folks will not eat tho! F-x has said grace. Why give them what obstinate Children deserve Beat them well, & if they won't eat it then let em Starve
broad-bottom
Masked Battery
Broad-Bottom'd Whig Battery
Perjured Tom
Swindling Harry
Charges of the Election
Gate of Saint Stephens
Midlesex
Westminster
Diversions of Purley
To Wimbledon
You shan't have the Rolls and Butter d--n me!
dem me who's afraid! I say I shall Old Gruff!
Take a Suck
The Jolly Tars of Old England or all alive at Portsmouth
True Blue
Bon Ton Magazine
Carey's Chickens
To Fulham
To Oatlands
To Windsor
Come along Old Boy, You've starved many a poor Creature in Your time
Oh Conscience, Conscience, thou art a Just Monitor. O that I had obeyed thy faithfull dictates.
Gazette The Preliminaries of Peace
State of Smithfield Market Since the Peace
Poison Pro Bono Publico
Drink deep Drink deadly deep and Stifle all
Go it, Monopolize it all
Come Neighbour take your choice, I see we are all moved by the same Spirit
aye there is no greater torment than the Conscience of a Monopolizer, I should have like'd some out of the Bowl but he'I swallow it all I see
Thus I go - to quiet Conscience, and escape from Woe
Hops fell £20 pr hund
Come along I have got a good fire to dry you by
The British Seaman's address to his Queen
title
cit
Ten Thousand Pounds apiece,
I'll give with my three Daughters, when they wed: Says Pat,  OPEN>> I'll tell you what i'll do, Fait, I'll be after taking two
Treasury Tea Pot
C
Oh 'tis Love 'tis Love 'tis Love.
Plan of Intended Improvements at Wind *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Jumbled together on a shelf are a number of churches, chiefly neo-Gothic and lacking roofs, with spike-like steeples; on one of these a tiny figure is spread-eagled, probably indicating All Souls
Lots of Churches
Caught in Virginia Water
the man who could give up the letters of a woman *BRACKETED* is a likely person to knock down a man of letters
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
National Debt
Carried over
*BRACKETED* axes Windows Hats Candles Soap Teas
Carried over
Excise
Stamps
CONSILIVM SEPTEM NOBILIVM ANGLORVM CONIVRANTIVM IN NECEM TOTIVSQ ANGLICI CONVOCATI PARLEMENTI.
Tesmond
Garnet
T. Percy
Catesby
I *BRACKETED* Wright
Guy Fawkes
I. *BRACKETED* Winter
Sir Everard Digby
I wish your  OPEN>> heart
tender
toes
Windsor
Chastity
For the conversion of Heretics
Honor
I never saw her in my Life
No, never in all his Life, Damme
Never
No, never
Sic transit gloria Reginæ
Entering Paris, in the Diligence, by the Gate of St Denis.  OPEN>> Remember where we are in France, amongst a fickle wavering Nation.
. *BRACKETED* . The lumbering diligence approaches the gate over cobbles, raising clouds of dust; the six horses are three abreast, one rear wheeler with a postilion in  OPEN>> milk churn
Le Premier tond les chiens et sa femme vat en Ville
Dining at a restaurateurs. Politeness of Two French Gentlemen
Really gentlemen you are so polite that if I dont intrude
Ah sare you do de great plaisir Monami and myself do love de Anglise for their honneur and honnête
Garçon assortez le Gentilhomme par divers diable
Taken by the Polite Gentlemen to the Palais Royal where they are taken by the Police
Ordered to quit France in 48 hours for being in suspicious com¬pany
La Force
More Haste worse speed
Oh St Denis St Denis my pauvre cheval oh you rascal heretic you bring de judgmant you kill my cheval you break my Fiacre you do raise de Tempête
Elysian Fields
Brooks
Hoyle
Faro Laws
E
O
Champagne
Claret
Elysian Fields
Treasury
Delicacy
Knock and it shall be opened
Ich Dien
The Royal Sovereign, was formerly to be seen by all admirers of Natural Curiosities at Sixpence pr Head, & is reported to weigh near Forty-Stone
Nell H--t--n, weighs rather under Thirty Stone; & in the absence of the Great Man, his place is agreeably filled by T------ W-----d, the celebrated collector on the Highway.
Vide. Strand Lane; Temple Barr; &c. &c. &c.
cit
Dreadnought
five trifling accidents.. . upset three carried a piece of Baiter sea Bridge and drown'd a Wherry full of Women.
cit
acting's my hobby . . .
to play Ranger
the finest Emperor of Morocco *BRACKETED* I ever saw . . . I should have got free admission to the Leverian Museum for him . . .
cit
. . . when I come in and look into Linnaeus I can tell you the Class Genus and all about it.
. . . why it pours with rain and see where your Hat and Wig is Hanging.
pray what do you intend to do with this Collossus. I intend it my dear for the top of Drury Lane Theatre. . .
Ich Di *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  in which are three feathers. Round her neck on a rope of pearls hangs an oval miniature of the Prince of Wales. She holds her left. fist over the bowl, saying,  OPEN>> There you impertinent boasting swaggering Pigmy, - take that, - You attempt to take my Grandpap's Crown indeed, and plunder all his Subjects, Fillet you know that the Spirit and Indignation of every Girl in the Kingdom is roused at your Insolence
View well St Andrew a saint of Muckle Pride, In Northern Robes Array'd and by his Side His trusty broad Sword, Dirk, & Pistols ride, Likewise his Oatmeal pouch, Snuff, mull & Ling fish dry'd. His roast Sheep's Head, Haggoss & Scotch Cale With Sparkling Viskey Barley Cakes & Ale. Then on the Bagpipe plays a pleasing Tune, To celebrate his Joyfull Month of June
Irish Bill
To Dublin
Westr Petet *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Manche *BRACKETED* Petetion
London Petetion
For his taxing of Shops Ill dowse this in his Chops
Mr Pitt Mr Pitt Yourself you'll Be------t
No Shop Tax
No Tax on Maids
Liberty
Those Shops to Lett enquire of Mr Pitt
Histories of the Tête-à-Tête annexed; . . .
slider
Calais
Preleminaries of Peace
There Master Bull what do you think of that - I told you I would surprise you - Preleminaries of Peace Huzza!
Why yes it be all very foine if it be true But I cant forget that d------d Omnium last week - they be always one way or other in contradictions! - I tell thee what Charley since thee hast become a great mon - I think in my heart thee beest always conjuring!
Messenger from Boulogne
Messenger to Paris
More Dispatches
Huzza
Gentlemen! the Health of our worthy humane & modest Chairman the Rev Mr H—n—r
Noble Sinecurists
Right Reverend Prelates
The Desired Crisis | at 10d per foot Painted under the Direction of The Rev Mr H—R
Decree . . . who . . . Return Death first year of Republic
7 Leagues
R T
Germanic Body
Hanover
From Rome and Not worth Killing
Prussia
Put up to Fatten
Consular Whipt Syllabub
Treasury
Jaffa Cross Breed
Glory
True Spanish - Fleec'd
Native Breed
From Switzerland
From Holland
New Style - No Quarter Day!
Boney and Talley
Here's Parma, Placentia; there's Naples and Rome;
They are nothing but bone, Sir!
For the present pass Prussia;  OPEN>> What think you of Russia?
'Twere as good that we leave her alone, Sir!
My ambition unsated, my fury unquench'd,  OPEN>> Let Europe now shake to her bases;  OPEN>> For, my banner unfurl'd,  OPEN>> I'll defy all the world, And spit in th
Here's Hanover - if -  OPEN>>   OPEN>> If what?
Tell Mortier to bring her. Little Boney shook hands then with Talley the good; *BRACKETED* Whilst Talley, as meek, Kiss'd the Mussulman's cheek, *BRACKETED* They drank to their hopes, - hob-a-nobb'd to their scheme, Which promis'd such royal diversion; Thus cordial they sat, And, in harmless chit-chat Sketch'd the plan of this water excursion
An Old German Tune Indemnity for the Past, and Security for the Future Indemnity for the Past and Security f . . .
Waunds, they do hop about rarely thats for sartain - and his Worships holiness the Pope, seems to jig it as well as the best of un - here measter Piper take all the money I ha got, - for I never saw a prettier Stage Play in all my born Days.
Check Mate
Roubles
I say's Nothing
We must look on for the present Brother.
Um . .m.. .m.
Here's treatment of Old friends and Allies.
Ve must take care ours turn is not de next.
Half Pay
Living
Protestt Religion
Philosophy
No literary Property
M. Charta
General Warrants
Plaudits of Fame, tho' Mortals prize! Fancy's the God they Idolize
Powers for a new Connexion between the Port, England & France
Vive la Republique
Rowlandson
For St Pauls
Bank Buildings
I say Boney, you have got past the Bank I thought you was to call on the Old Lady in Thread-needle Street.
We may thank our Volunteers for this glorious sight
What will candle ends and cheese parings say to this
Oh you mean the Bull Hanker why he will move a vote of sinecure for their Loyalty
Town Talk
Come Old & Young. Cripples, lame, blind deaf & dumb Napoleon wants you all at Dresden to bring him back to Paris, & to punish those rascals who have come with their long Beards & their long Pikes from the Banks of the Don, to annoy my poor Dear pacific husband.
Daddy's gone a hunting: naughty daddy to leave Mama & me on a wild goose chase. Morblieu I wish I *BRACKETED* a Man how I would fight these Cossacks.
Napol *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; he drags along a weeping infant. A man carries on his head a basket inscribed  OPEN>> Sugar Plumbs for the Grand Army
Vive l'Empereur.
I think by laying an Egg, I shall soon get full possession of this Royal Nest!
Curse him what a stink he has made, he has foul'd my nest so that I must run away.
L R.
A Bird of Passage lately discovered in France and supposed to be the most crafty of its species
A View of India
The Genuine Works of William Hogarth
dedicated to the serious attention of the Fashionable Ladies of Great Britain
Verklaring
The Dutch Maid
Negapatam
Envy
Duplicity
is sitting in her garden which has been grievously despoiled; she says,  OPEN>> what will become of me ? Until now I have remained unharmed by my enemies, now I am shamefully treated by my friend! By my so-called ally and co-religionist. Heaven punish the people of the Netherlands who have lent a hand to this
Two notorious clergymen *BRACKETED* with orange favours in their hats, busy helping to ruin the Maid's garden
even if it should be to the destruction of our Fatherland, we will stand firm in saying that England justly inflicted the war upon us, and that his Highness in a very Christian way is carrying on the war as feebly as possible, against our ally and co-religionist….
Voor Vryheyd en Vaderland
De militaire jurisdictie en het begeven Van de Ampten Aan de Moff enverntitigt
a statesman full of zeal, busy cleansing the oppressed Fatherland of many corrupt monsters, showing the destruction of military jurisdiction and the abolition of the bestowal of office upon foreigners.  OPEN>> Henceforth will offices be bestowed on you my fellow-countrymen and natives of the free commonwealth; no foreigner will be superior to you
the citizens who take up arms to support, and the statesmen who execute his orders
the foreigners *BRACKETED* who seeing now no more chance of obtaining office return to their country with bag and baggage
who the devil would have expected this! The war has caused it all . . .
an august person with his mentor *BRACKETED* , with one hand ordering the fleet to sail for Brest, while holding a chain with the other. He says,  OPEN>> Ha Ha Ha! I thought rightly that the time would come when I should do my cousin *BRACKETED* a great favour . . . make as if I meant to give orders that the ships should sail to Brest, though the officers might be so well instructed that in any case they would refuse to sail
The Dutch Republic and the American Revolution
Vivae Louis
Alles vry te rug
in a generous way giving everything freely to Holland; he says  OPEN>> see there, in spite of envy and slander I give you all freely back - my soldiers have taken up arms for you, my powder and lead is used in your service, my fleet has reconquered your lost places. Yes, my subjects have offered their lives for you, and now I give you everything freely ...
For ever should we acknowledge your affection . . . and we will always show ourselves grateful to you who helped us
'Tromp and Ruyter who are calling down vengeance on a fleet of English ships *BRACKETED* , which is passing along the Dutch coast without sufficient convoy. They say,  OPEN>> Oh times, Oh times how are you changed! It seems as if Holland is no longer Holland ...
cits
Here are a number of People brought before your Honor, by your Honor's Order, for not keeping the pavement clean before their Houses in Frosty Weather - according to the Act of Parliament for that purpose; but the worst of all is - here is a Worthy Alderman, lays information, that the pavement before your Honor's Door is as much neglected as any of the rest - and moreover says that he himself had a fall there in the late Frost, which shook him so much, that he has been unable to digest Turtle or Venison ever since - A material injury to one of the Body Corporate.
Well, Well, if that is the case, take my five Shillings, and say no more about the Business.
He is indeed a Giant refresh'd!! Vide Marq- of Sta-rds Speech on withdrawing his Motion.
Ah - little Master Bull where are you? - forget and forgive my Old Boy! You and I shall never fall out any more - I am quite a different Man - quite refresh'd.
Refresh'd you say - why I think you seem pretty fresh indeed! - a rare soaking bout you and Harry have had I suppose on the Occasion.
cit
Petition to the Queen
Oh! Dear! Saints never were so served before.
These are aw-full times as the Scot's man said
There he goes Dr Cantwell,
Hiss! hiss
No Cantwell
out out
Spit on 'em.
What quantities of rabbid saline!!
a Good Foundation— *BRACKETED* Innocence—
No Tricks, you faithful representitaves *BRACKETED* of the people.
Order! Order!
Privilege! Privilege.
the Poddle Hole
What Billy is it Nothing
Thus I am lead about for 500 p. yr
I am Done wth the Keys of ye City
Jallap
Adze
Titlepage
Teatub
Grape
Grogram
Starch
Figg
Taplash
The only Appraisg Office
I Live & I'll die by my Beggars
3400 to Support me
Hey for Channell Row
Tis we support the Gallows.
Ay Bror & ye Gallows Supports us
Col B . . . . n for ever Huzza.
Rat
The last speech of I do-no-who
A sure a Sett was never Seen so Justly formed to Guard our City
The House Scheme
I stop'd at Corke for wt I am now
The whole Order
The Geography
Send Dr G------d to the Adml he's Seasick
The Salmon
Shall ye Pavers be Landed
Darby Smoke our S------ffs.
I do so.
Custard &c &c.
High barny Jourl
Hiber *BRACKETED* Journal
I'm determined to have a clean house, I'll be bamboozled no longer—Away ye Varlets, with your trickery and your plots, and your intrigue —Reform shall be the order of the day, Reform—thorough Reform
What! treat your Waterloo Idol in this way, Johnny?
Ex-Officio
This is assault and battery—mind that
The Enemy are flying before you My brave fellows, Seventeen against Ten of us, crowd all the Sail you can, and then for George - Old England Death or Victory!!!
By Gar dare be dat tam Nelson dat Salamander dat do love to live in de fire, by Gar we make haste out of his Way or he blow us all up.
Why! you sculking lubberly Dons & French Monkeys what are you running away for, we only want to give you an Eternal-Hug as you call it *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ;  OPEN>> My Noble Commander We'll follow y *BRACKETED* the World over, & Shiver my Timbers but we shall soon bring up our lee way and then as sure as my Name is Tom Grog we'll give them another touch of the Battle of the Nile
May I never hope to see Poll again, if I would not give a whole Months Flip *BRACKETED* if these lubberly Parly vous would but just stop one half Watch
and Nelson gallant Nelson applauded shall be - Huzza. Others echo Huzza! Huzza!
its d------d hard tho he won't let us help to brush their Jacket en't it Jack.
The Association is Unconstitutional &c &c &c.
Faith I'm bothered
Scarlet OAR
Come along Dan you see the wind is begining to blow from the wrong quater *BRACKETED* , we must make haste
Emancipation
Ireland's Eye
O quel devin Rost biff.
Malte
mais il a la auce troppiquante
Le Credit
encore des impots
ça ira aussi vrai que je m'apelle Pitt
God seve *BRACKETED* the King.
By Ja------s what a fool was I to turn myself out before I got in---That d------n'd F------x has made a Goose of me
Very sublime and beautiful! but you are fallen like Lucifar *BRACKETED* never to hope again. Fox says, Tho
What the D--l-- had I to do with a Sword
Ogden
Sancta Veronica
Bruce
Alexander of Kincardin
Tour
"Mr Johnson was pleased with my Daughter Veronica
I declard she shou'd have Five Hundred Pounds of additional fortune.
Comforts of Matrim *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , a couple fighting, and a picture,  OPEN>> A Storm
G R
Loyal Man *BRACKETED* Yeomanry—"Be Bloody, bold & Resolute
Spur your proud Horses & Ride hard in blood
L M Y
Down with 'em! Chop em down! my brave boys! give them no quarter, they wan't to take our Beef & Pudding from us!—& remember the more you Kill the less poor rates you'll have to pay so go it Lads show your Courage & your Loyalty!
700
Throw in your 700 here and I'll give you a Majority, I am the Principal Clark.
700
300
Throw in your purse of 300 pounds and you will Jump the quicker.
The Outs and the Ins, a Dialogue upon the Premier distributing . . . *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . A scene in Palace Yard; part of the end of Westminster Hall visible in the background *BRACKETED* . North stands on stilts which are strapped to his legs and held up by Mansfield *BRACKETED* and Bute *BRACKETED* , who are seated on the ground. From his pocket hang papers inscribed  OPEN>> Titles
Pensions
retiring in rage and despair
Mungo.
Geo. O.
duke of G
Reform
My People
Egad I must be off, or he will upset me next
Ah! me! I have been wrong I fear But by this Turn I'll right ap *BRACKETED* Peer
Le Qoque *BRACKETED* en Pate
milk-churn
Commit him to Newgate! Own Sentiments! - Government must be supported! Necessity!
Rights of the People! Constitution! - Constituents! - Corrupt influence! - Impeachment! Charter-Rights!
reader
showing fight
The Author
Life . . .
Madras
Bombay
Bengal
Plan of oeconemy *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . In the centre of the farther side of the table is the Duke of Portland, looking to the right. He wears a ducal coronet, and a Garter ribbon over a furred robe *BRACKETED* . Two keys hang from a ribbon round his neck. On his right shoulder leans Lord John Cavendish, his head turned in profile to the right. Portland, the pay-master, looks away from Cavendish towards Lord Carlisle, who has a wallet attached to the front of his belt, and who lays his left hand on the table to take coins which Portland is counting out to him. Between Carlisle and Keppel, his eyes fixed on the money, is Sheridan, Treasury Secretary, wearing a turban inscribed  OPEN>> School for Scandal
Satirist
I wish I could Set the Chimney on Fire.
Moscow
Camp in Russia
Bulletin
Spain & the Indies
Signed Napoleon
Map of France
Fotification
Life & Advents of Robin Cruso
Bertrand
Josephine
Jerome Admidral *BRACKETED* of the Fleet
Oh this heavy Dutchman. O had I not enough to bear before!!!
I smell Carrion.
Rotunda Pop
Birmingham Froth
Make way! make way we've a great Stake depending on it
Go along never mind the Geese *BRACKETED* and old women!
I think the Grey is evidently running away with him
Go it my Lads never mind the Turnpike
Good Mr Gatekeeper Stop him he doesn't know where he is going
Oh! John Gilpin, John Gilpin! where are you going? don't you know your old friends
He must have lost his senses to ride at such a rate
Croaker! Croaker
Away went Gilpin, neck or naught; Away went hat and wig; He little dream'd when he set out, Of running such a rig
At his time of life; and with his habits as a Lawyer, he liked to sport in his own way. His custom was to mount his pony, and go out with a couple of dogs. He liked to see their points, and wished to observe their stops; for there were some that knew not when to stop. On one of those occasions, he found two gentlemen shooting on his manor. He told them they had no right to shoot there. The replied; however, only by a round of oaths, saying, at the same time, they were only pursuing their own game. Upon this he gave up the character of the sportsman for that of the lawyer, and told them they had no right to shoot there; their answer was another round of oaths—"Go home to your master, Lord Eldon, and he will set you right on the subject. This put him in good humour, and he told them he was Lord Eldon, saying, at the same time,  OPEN>> I have told you an unpleasant piece of law, and now I wish you a pleasant day's shooting!
Taxes
Assess'd Taxes
Tis more than I can bear.
O Dear Johnny! tis nothing when you are used to it!
Maiority
No Reform - Necessary
Westminster Election June 18th 1818
1st Day / State of Poll / Romilly—189 / Maxwell—176 / Burdett—87 / Kinnaird 25 / Hunt 14 / Cartwright 10
Hunt for ever
Hunt, Liberty
Uneversal Suffrage Hunt and Liberty
I am a plain Englishman, I approve of the Conduct of Sir Murray Maxwell, in coming forward as he has done—Why should you send Sir Samuel Romilly to Parliament? he can find his way into the Den of Corruption. You Know the Hero of the Tower as well as I do, who ran out at the Back Door, when his Friends were waiting for him at the Front.—I have hoisted the Cap of Liberty.
Gentlemen—Mr Hunt is anxious you should hear me now. I am sure you will hear him presently with pleasure, I am certain my cause is as popular as his, for I see many Pretty Girls pressing forward to hear me. Of all the Days in the Year none appear more favorable for a British Officer to receive your Support than the Anniversary of Waterloo.
Who is Sir M. Maxwell? he is a brave, learned, loyal & Constitutional Man. he hoists only the Colors of his King & Country, Not the Bloody Flag. He has engaged to pay his Share of the Hustings to prevent new levies on the People.
Max
Hunt for ever
No Sovereigns
No Regents
No Churches
No Lawyers
Spa fields Row for ever
Hunt & Olliver for ever
No Sham Patriots
Hunt & Liberty
Hunt & Revolution
Burdett for ever
No Weather Cocks
No Coalition
The Spenceans for ever
Napoleon for ever
No Spafields Rioters
Kinnaird for ever
Cartwright for ever
No Old Woman in Parliament
Romilly for ever
Justice for ever
Romilly & Reform
Maxwell for ever
No Maxwell
No Captain Flog 'em
Maxwell & the British Navy
Let every Man do his Duty
Max *BRACKETED* for ever.
A Political Menagerie
WesTbury PeTiTion
Portuguese Bond
Honesty is the best Policy
cit
I always thought before that when rogues fell out honest men got their due—but Lord how the Times can change!!!
Trusty
Heads of Police
W I
Come, Miss, be off home; we can't allow you to collect pickpockts *BRACKETED* about you here—look up and see what they come to
Let him wear it whom the cap fits
A 2
Memorial of British Bond holders
Take care of your pockets
Chose by the Nations
The Nation chose by him
If you pay them you'll want more monies—and that is not convenient just now
Tell him to call it Political Expediency—you know well how easily John Bull is humbug'd
Coast of Brazil
P 3
Rogues March
Dabbling in Foreign Stocks alias Securities
Tit for Tat; or a taste of Temporary Suspension
Jobbing Memorandums—and a good job too!!
May Ist 1828, Sold 20,000 Portuguese Bonds at 62
April 2. 1829, Bot— ditto at 42—
Profit 20 per Ct.
Foreign Stock List Prices
"His Impl M—s Minister, in order to afford a Proof of the good faith of his Government, & their religious Observance of the Convention of the 29th August, 1825, will cause the Dividends of the Loan to be paid as usual.
See Courier, April 30, 1828
Portugueze Bond. Art. 13. The engagement now enter'd into is to be declared inviolable, & not to be affected by any Political change or circumstance whatever, and lastly the present Articles are entered into upon the most implicit good faith, &c. &c. &c.
"Till thou canst take *BRACKETED* the Seal from off my Bond I stand here for the law. There is no Power in Venice can alter a decree established.  OPEN>> Twill be recorded as a Precedent, & many an error by the same example will rush into the State. Shakespeare
Convention, 29th Augt 1825.—In the Name of the most Holy Trinity. His Impl Majesty takes on the Treasury of Brazil the Loan which Portugal contracted in London, in Octr 1823. Witness Chas Stuart.
Report of Brazil Finance Committee—.  OPEN>> Have the Interest & Sinking fund on the Portuguese Loan in London been paid? If they have not, where is the Money? Would to God there never had existed a London Legation! Then the Treasury of Brazil would have been more fortunate!!! See Times, Octr 23, 1829.
on his favourite Charger—
Spining *BRACKETED* -Jenny
Money is Strength and Steam is Power
Distressed Weavers
This is a Horrid screen for Villany
The humble Address, Remonstrance and Petition of the Lord Mayor
Bill of Rights
Magna Charta
Provision for the Poor
The Application of this subject is taken from Æsops Fables by Dr Croxall *BRACKETED* The Moral of this Fable is that no body looks after a mans Affairs so well as he himself Servants being but hirelings seldom have the true Interest of their Masters at Heart but let Things run on in a Negligent constant Disorder and this generally not so much for want of Capacity as honesty their Heads are taken up with the Cultivation of their own private Interest for the Service and promotion of which that of their Master is postpon'd and often intirely Neglected. If this be the case as it certainly is among ordinary Masters and Servants and it is of so ill consequence to a Man not to Inspect the (Economy of his own Household how deplorable must be the State of that People who have a King or Governor so Ignorant that he knows not or so Indolent that he Cares not what becomes of their Welfare & happiness Who leaves the Administration of every thing to the management of Servants and those Wicked self Interested ones perhaps some may fancy him a mild and good Prince because he does not like a Barbarian actually Butcher his people with his own hands But he is passivelly a sad Creature and the ultimate Author of all the Woe that his Subjects feel when by his neglect a Villanous Set of Ministers Triumph in the Ruin of the Nation or by his protection are screen'd from the just Resentment & Indignation of an injur  OPEN>> d People
Tis gone, - and like the baseless fabric of a Vision, - left not a wreck behind.
Bless me our John - what hast thee done with thy toil?
Dock'd un, to be the go!
Being a Companion to that excellent Song of  OPEN>> The Wig, the Hat, and the Cane.
Away with these Queer Married Fellows
Gay Deceivers
A Musical Doctor and his Scholars
Irish Linnen
Shelaley
Dict. Vulg. Tongue
Shamroke
I was once the Wife of John Bull, but now Ive a License to trade for myself, my Ports are free for all Mankind to enter
Had it not been for the Disturbance in America you should never have had a free trade I'm as far North as any of you
I have no vear de Shirt since Fielding take de Holland vich Mynheer sent me, I'm forced to make shift vith de Ruffle, if you vill let me into your Port for to get a bit of Linnen, I vill give you de French P--x, vich is all I shall have left ven de var is over
Let me enter your Port I'll give you plenty of Spanish Gold for your Linnen, tho' if Rodney comes to see me often I shall have none left
I want apiece of Linnen to send to America, she wants a new Shift but can't come for it least she should catch cold, if you'll let me enter your Port I'll give you a Dutch Herring and a glass of Hollands after it to keep it from rising in your Stomach
I keep a Vineyard in Portugall, if you'll let me into your Port, I'll supply you with Wine at a cheap rate for your Linnen, if you'll drink none from France or Spain
Libertas
Whig-Club
Invade the Country, hay? - let them come, - thats all! - Zounds, where are they? - I wish I could see 'em here, thats all! - ay! ay! only let them come, - that's all!!!
Zebra
That such things are we must allow, But such things never were till now
Mare
and so I'm done o-o. over over
1 Fine - £100 2 - £100
wig
Th-m-n
I'm sick, I'm sick. Sp------ce
so our belly's must pinch to pay for this. N--c Is--n
o that we had consulted the recorder
I wish I had not been gossiping
D------ne
I'll deny bellonging to them
F------rd
Lord how tired I am, nothing but small beer now
G--t--s
I wish I had known Better and shewn the book
Copy of the Fines
Rocsheter
Maidstone
B--ckm--st--r
produce your account
wheres half the money Collected in the frost for the poor.  OPEN>> R--b--ns--on
I am resolv'd to probe this sore to the bottom to amputate all the Ifected parts and thoroly to purge of all Latent Diseases of the Corportation
Il send them to hell
At Maidstone assises
Downfall of the Mar *BRACKETED* and Mules
Over the Water & over the Sea And over the Raft to Charlie.
Pull away Citizens
Bedford on Agriculter
We must take care to keep clear of the Rope
Borough Influence
Ah! The Rope We must avoid it if possible
Hark Ther's a Storm coming. I hear Thunder.
President of the Directory CIF. *BRACKETED* Deputy a Bedfordshire Bull *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . On it lies a  OPEN>> Norfolk Cheese
Tierney
Jack Ketch
Addington, Bond, Staples *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ;  OPEN>> Macnamara Fugion, Macmanus, Townsend, Jelous
St Vincent, Pasley, Duncan, Pellew, Nelson
Trollope, Thomson, Bridport, Onslow, Pringle
Liberty and Equality
Plunder
Regecides Paricides
Deism Atheism
Robbery
Murder & Ravishmt
Torture
Blood & Rapine
Cruelty & lust
Notes
Bank Pot
Cash Payments at the Bottom of this Pot
I am in a Stew
I am sure the Pots Crackd,
Take care it don't Break.
have you found the Gold.
Smoke
Cash Payments Smoke
cit
There's a pretty Kettle of Fish.
Lord bless you they ban't Fish they be all paper.
Treaty of Peace with ye Democratick *BRACKETED* Powers
List of the new Administration
London und Paris
Honi soit
. . .  OPEN>> So justly formed to meet by nature!
Secretary to the British Convention \\ A Tried Patriot and an Honest Man
Oh D—n the O Ps
This is an end to all my glory
Would your honor chose to be drawn Home by the O Ps
O P
O P for ever
Clifford for ever
OP O P, O P
union
St Albans
The Mask
Nurse Nor *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; he says,  OPEN>> Come, buss-e, buss-e, Billy my dear, and I'll teach you how to take care of yourself --- --- ---
Messrs Powass and Mash 'em Dealers in British Spirits
PF
Resolved, That Union may be effected without Principle
Respite . . . 48 hours, . . . Cromwell
Ick dien
Round about the Maypole see how we trot, hotpot, hot, brown Ale we have got-------------------------Midas
*BRACKETED* Granted *BRACKETED* Green Wood For £500
Commissions Granted by Green W.
Pica. tipe
The Pigeons. Dedicated to all the Flats, and Showing the Artifices, Success and Crimes of Gaming, Gamesters, and Gambling Houses. . . . By the Author of the Greeks. Ninth Edition. London: Printed for J. J. Stockdale No. 41 Pall-Mall. 1817.
Stockdale
Publisher & | Bookseller
Greeks
Pigeons
Boston
Libert *BRACKETED* Tree
They cried unto the Lord in their Trouble & he saved them out of their Distress Psal *BRACKETED* cvii. 13
Promises
To------from the Committee of------
Liberty Tree
Powder Tax
Wig Tax
A slap at slop
Round let us bound for this is Punch's holiday; | Glory to Tom-Foolery!-huzza! huzza!
As many as are of that opinion say . . . Bow! Of the contrary, . . . Wow! The Bows have it
Written by C. Dibdin, Jun., and Sung with unbounded Applause by Mr. Bannister. Composed by Mr. W. Reeve
when a whole People were groaning under the intolerable burthens of taxation and famine . . . lavished away their patrimony among pimps, gladiators and harlots . . .
twenty-one persons in all who reside at Gotham Hall and environs . . .
Ride si Sapis
Backh *BRACKETED* Wines.
Whilst Bacchus within keeps the juice of the Vine, The son of old Levi stands forth as a Sign; And a sign of good cheer too, you'll pardon the pun, If we judge by this Levi's of Bacchus's Tun
The King of France with Twenty Thousand Men, Came down the Hill - and then went up Again
Rambler's Magazine
1785
1784
staring like a stuck pig
With the use of my speech, I recovered my voice, Says I,  OPEN>> My dear lewel; pray take your own choice; For the future I'll serve, one my love will not slight, That's my King & my Country, with joy & delight. Derry down &c
To stop the career of seduction and vice
TEE
Epoque / fatale / 4 Juillet 1776/ le 13 May / 1778
Grand Carnival
The Pit has been full this half-hour
has any Lady lost a flannel Dicky
that Dicky belongs to me young Man
cit
a pretty decent Squeeze
who owns a shoe
I'm a bran new Hat out of Pocket.
Oh Lord! oh Lord I have lost my dear Jerry.
I'm pretty tall, but I can't keep my Nose out of foul Air.
Has any of the good people found a Crutch.
a Bill of the play for the next Scrouge your Honors
by the young Roscius
you young Rascal - Til knock you down - how dare you make game of people in distress.
Scarcely a bit of Cloak left.
we shall never see such a crowd as this at a Charity Sermon.
Manucci Sermon
"but like a Comet I was wondered at
Old Baggs *BRACKETED* Carter 160
No Popery
Swipes
This is a hard job; but we must make the best thing we can of it.
Ah! John, if you had kept your last place *BRACKETED* you'd have been better paid for your dirty work; but these parchments shall not be lost—they'll fetch something.
Old Lady's Petition
Pauper's Petition
Felon's Petition
Children's Petition
The Royal Ramble
To Cheltenham
Instead of Guards and grand Parade, Which should attend a King, Sir, When all had many Hours staid, They found there was no such thing, Sir: They gap'd and star'd at such a Shew, And this Report was rife, Sir -  OPEN>> Twas not the King, they all did know, But Farmer George and Wife, Sir
. . . if you are not satisfied, I must  OPEN>> give up the ghost
If you dont come down with your Income, I'll let him loose!!!
La Grande Nation
Oh spare my life and take all I have
10 Pr Cent on Income
Remaining fruits of Industry
Military
Militia
Gin
Run d------n ye run why dont ye run you I have a Breach made in your Stern Else
Get out you sleepy Headed dolt who wants you here? we are learning the Carmagnole Parler Francy. No more Large Breeches Sans Culottes for Ever.
Curse these tight Breeches I cant run at all now.
At first they regarded their Monarch with great reverence, but perceiving his tame and peacable disposition they at length treated him with the Utmost Contempt. Esops Fables
Benefit Ticket Bob
Swan River
The Gallery Gods pelted me with Orange Peel *BRACKETED* —who care's—always look towards my Benefit leave me alone for that.
This Young Gentleman is engaged to make himself generaly useful—he act's well in the Weather Cock *BRACKETED* has play'd Dusty Bob *BRACKETED* —a capital Filch and a thorough Scrub—undertakes to manage the Police
A bas Hymen.
By Jenkin Miss but that sharp turn! will up set you!!
I was never happy till I had four in hand, and I will always keep the same number by Jenkin, cost me what it may.
Reading Fly to Paris, Licensed to Carry Any Number
They never hurt me
Vive l'Amour
S
H
C
B
To London thro Windsor Park
To Reading
Glee for 4 Voices Arranged by those eminent composers Dr Croft *BRACKETED* , Dr Boyce *BRACKETED* , and Dr Hay *BRACKETED* —Set to C Sharp. Shepherd we've all lost our love Have you seen our Kitty Alas! Alas! we fear she'll rove To Paris, wicked City.
Let her, let her go, never mind her
When I cut my little Croft I tried to get Hay but could not succeed
We are very short of feed here Ma'am!
The Reading Fly to Paris sets out from the Windmill and Tigress in Reading takes in Passengers at the Water Mill on the Road, calls in Chancery Lane for Passports, where alone they are to be had for this Reading Fly—NB changes Passengers whenever convenient. The Horses are all high bred—The Letters on their flanks denote the Names of the Breeders—the Leaders were bred in the South of England, the Wheelers in Scotland
French Agents
French Gold
Republican Purchase
Superfine Bedfordshire Flour for Paris
Fine Bedfordshire Flour
For Dieppe
For Ostend
Norfolk Dumplings
Vive la Republique
Provision for French Army. Dissenting Manufacture
Honi soi *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  in which is a leek *BRACKETED* . He says:  OPEN>> Oh! my Ancle. Oh!—bring me my Wig. Oh my Ancle—!!  OPEN>> Take care of my Whiskers
Bless me how it's swelled.
Take that Waistcoat away or we shall make Town talk.
Out a way Mon You are always Exposing yourself!
Indeed Bull 'tis only a Sprained Ancle.
John Bull is not to be fobbed off so easily Master Lawyer.
Advice to his Roy— / . If the Cap fits, wear it / Whether Red or Blue / Laugh at the Joke / Least others Laugh at you / John Bull.
New way to pay old debts a new Song to an Old tune by Perceiveall
Probe Surgeo *BRACKETED* Man Midwife
Strasbo *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* and says:  OPEN>> Go along Scape grace speak kindly to him.
Courage Man! don't be bashfull!
Honi soit
Madam I have no money, but I'm of the right breed, true German, an blood Royal.
I had rather you was English! but a German husband is better than none.
All's lost
Road to D--cannon
Road to Devonshire
Who made an Attempt on the Life of his Majesty at Drury Lane Theatre on Thursday May 15t 1800
You fool!
give me the cup;  OPEN>> I'll go and safely lock it up.—  OPEN>> Have you no resolution?  OPEN>> For who could have so little nouse  OPEN>> As keep a gold cup in a house  OPEN>> When there's an execution.  OPEN>> Over the way I have a friend  OPEN>> Who quickly will it's value lend,  OPEN>> The cup he will take care of;  OPEN>> The cash, my better stars I thank,  OPEN>> May then go in the savings bank,  OPEN>> And. thus we'll hum the Sheriff
I believe Mr Bull you are no great admirer of His M*****y?
You are quite mistaken Sir, I only wish I liked any one about or belonging to him half so well
Allow'd to be one of the best of her sort, . . .
The Truth appears so naked on my side, that any purblind eye may find it out. And on my side it is so well apparell'd, so clear, so shining, and so evident, that it will glimmer through a blind man's eye.  OPEN>> Shakespeare
Sinking Fund
Million pr Annum at Interest & Compd I *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . From this floats upwards into the clouds a tattered ribbon inscribed  OPEN>> National Debt
Compd Interest \\ Interest
Hoop of National Security
Land of Emancipation
I dont know how to move, the Game is yours
I check the King
Agricultaral Society for Improvement of Fat Cattle - Leicestershire Ram
The Powers of Roast Beef or the Leicestershire Appollo now in full Bloom, no blemish whatever on any part of his Body Thirty Six years of Age . . . *BRACKETED* Laugh and grow Fat
Gold Box
No 45
Pitt and Prerogative
Youth a most enormous crime
Sir Wattey
Master Billy
Kings Men
Sir Barney
Westminster Magazine
Pitt and Plumb Pudding for ever Huzza!
King for ever
Grocers Hall
Tommy Plumb Grocer to his Majesty
O what a Charming Youth
Toy Shop Wax Work
Lord Chatham
Neat Wines
Very like his Father
Journal
168
169
165
167
A Map of Skye
Armidale
View *BRACKETED* Auchenleck, the Seat of
"Having found, on a revision of this work, that a few observations had escaped me, the publication of which might be considered as passing the bounds of strict decorum, I immediately ordered that they should be omitted in the present edition.
Let Lord McDonald threat thy breech to kick,
And o'er thy shrinking shoulders shake his stick.
I'll scalp him
O cruel Fate! is this the Return for our Loyalty
I'll tomahawk the Dog
Recommended to Congress by lord S------e
I have them all in a String.
Is this a Peace, when Loyalists must bleed? It is a Bloody Piece of work indeed.
By the Head of Jove, I hate him worse than Famine or Diseases Perish his Family, let inveterate Hate Commence between our Houses from this Moment, And meeting never let them bloodless part.
Be gar she will give us all de finishing Stroke
I shall never rise again
Oh Tally Tally rise and rally
Marblue—Vat a Crown Cracker she be
Coronation Chair
Gallic Cock Roupee
Cherry Bounce
His Grace the D. . . of
This is the Note that Nobody wrote!
This is the Groom that carried the Note that Nobody wrote.
This is Madam Gun. . .g so very cunning that betrayed the Groom that carried the note that Nobody wrote.
This is Madam Bo. . .n *BRACKETED* to whom it was owing that Madam Gun. . .g so very cunning betrayed the Groom that carried the Note that Nobody wrote.
This is the Maiden all For Lorn, all on a sudden so tatterd and torn, because Madam Bo. . .n to whom it was owing that Madam Gun. . .g so very cunning betrayed the Groom that carried the Note that Nobody wrote.
These are the Marquises shy of the Horn blown by the Maiden all For-Lorn all on a sudden so tatterd and torn because Madam Bo. . .n to whom it was owing that Madam Gun. . .g so very cunning betrayed the Groom that carried the Note that Nobody wrote.
These are the Dukes *BRACKETED* whose bitter rebukes made the two Marquisses shy of the horn blown by the Maiden all for Lorn all on a sudden so tatterd and torn, because Madam Bo. . .n to whom it was owing, that Madam Gun. . .g so very cunning betrayed the Groom that carried the Note that Nobody wrote.
This is the General somewhat too bold - whose head is too hot, and whose heart is too cold - who made himself single before it was meet and turn'd Wife and Daughter into the street, to appease the two Dukes whose bitter rebukes made the two Marquisses shy of the horn blown by the Maiden all For Lorn all on a sudden so tatterd and torn because Madam Bo. . .n to whom it was owing that Madam Gun. . .g so very cunning betrayed the Groom that carried the Note that Nobody wrote.
Adorned with Pretty Pictures for the Amusement of Grown up Masters and Misses \\ To the Admirers of certain Mysterious Pamphlets & Paragraphs *BRACKETED* \\ This Bagatelle is respectfully Dedicated with an humble intention *BRACKETED* to render the Case more difficult then before.
Extrait de la réponse du général cornwallis Oui, je suis pris, mais nompas *BRACKETED* comme un dindon: je le suis sans que mon Etourderie ni ma jactance aïent contribué a l'exécution des sages projets de nos Ennemis; cependant le sort maccable *BRACKETED* sans me décourager. J'espère tout de la fortune britannique et de la valeur de nos braves anglais; ils ont juré comme nous ils tiendront leur parole
Who Commanded the Provincial Troops sent against Quebec, through the Wilderness of Canada, and was wounded in Storming that City, under General Montgomery
Weekly Register
Bloody Buoy
Mon Dieu they make my Hair all stand on end
Puisque la victoire m'abandonne je lui remets ses dons.
Ce cadeau funeste a couté bien des larmes.
Afrique
St helène
My good friend! I feel I am not long for this World, and haveing caused your ruin by engagein you in so many destructive Lawsuits, I have sent for you that I might ease my conscience, by giveing you advice for your future guideance. never engage in Law again unless you can depend on these circumstances, first— plenty of money—secondly a good cause, thirdly—an honest attorney—fourthly —good Council—fifthly—good Evidence—sixthly a good Jury—seventhly—a good Judge—and lastly Good luck—I have now eased my conscience and shall d . . d . . die hap . . Mercy on me! Oh what a gripe
Crimini! what a smell of Brimstone!
My good friend! you have taken an effectual method to prevent my engageing in Law, by haveing reduced me to poverty. I shall however publish your advice pro bono publico, as for myself a burnt Child dreads the Fire you know! so I wish you a good Journey
Who goes to Law, learn this by rote, I gain my suit, but lose my Coat
These are a Capital pair of Boots, ain't they Dad.
I got them on a new Principle. -  OPEN>>  What you paid for them I suppose.
profil perdu
Jo. Durnford's address
Still inimical to their Country, see Two Chips of Charles's block supporting me And Sy---y, well sirnam'd ye Taylor's Goose, As Hot and Heavy as that Thing in use, Shall lend his Weight of Breech & length of Chin The Heir Apparent crush & poke me, in
Table of Interest
Well Broker, how have you Manag'd our Scheme.
Glad to see you return'd Chevalier, we have took the Knowing ones in Swingingly.
Oh Ch------st I've lost my all
Let us Waddle off Quietly
Ay and 'tis time for me to be going.
I told you he would come back
Ha! ha! ha! let them laugh that wins say I
Bootle's
Bill of Rights
The true Church never fail'd her Votaries
A ça ira! ça ira! ça ira! diddle diddle di diddle de diddle de dee - Begar dis Friend of of *BRACKETED* mine is a damned load
O never fear that - here is Absolution.
Ma Chère Amie, Le Diable what will become of My Oath?
Vive Le Roi
Vive La Liberte!
Allé, Allé, Allé old Aristocrat
Scruples of Conscience relieved and the Bye-Ways to Canaan pointed out by the Devil and the Pope
Lo, here is the King of France, a Going to lead a War Dance a La la la lala He thinks his troubles past a But he'll be taken at last a La la la lala
Chymist & Drugist
To destroy all their Looms
Blood & Guts, what are we all about - our Armys are grazing in Idleness, like a Flock of Sheep till they die of the Rot - I'd send them to Slaughter all the Cattle on the Enemy's Coast & make the Papist Scoundrells keep a long Lent of it
Old England will never be conquer'd while we can Brew such Drink as this
We're all in the Suds - I could shew them a way to lower their French Toupees
Prattle
Beg your Pardon my Dr Sir, meant no Offence my Dr Mr Tallow - too much Love & Respect - your Perfectly in the Right - of the same Opinion of my Led & I - they'll never Invade us as you say & my Lud Chatter observed to me the other Night at Lady Carbuncles
Dont Talk to me of your Dukes & your Lords, I'm a True Born Englishman, & dont care for Nobody not I - they dare not invade us - Damme they dare not - you Glister Pipe, you pitiful Plaister Spreader You------
Invade us - Damme, what can Soup Meager do against Beef & Plumb Pudding
All's lost
Dr Prattle says right - I'll go over to the Opposition and never drink another Pot with my Lords Footman
Liberté
I wont be a Volunteer foutré
if this is Rights of Man & french Liberty Lord have mercy upon us
Vive la Liberté
Come along my brave Volunteers, one Sous per Day in Assignats & Plenty of Water.
oh mon Dieu, my Wife & my pauvre Famille
Come along and share in the glory of France!
O I do not wish to go to Glory so soon
Empty
Subsidies - Taxes!! Taxes - More Taxes!! More Taxes!!!!
Subsidies - Taxes - Debt- More Money!!
Benefices - Candle ends and Cheese Parings.
Hic jacet Stella caeta, \\ In spec *BRACKETED* resurectionis Carnis
Sic iter ad astra
Alas, poor Yorick
To this Complection we must come at last
Here is my Money! Spare my Life
Ah! - don't Fire! - I'll give all
To Hounslow
Now Father I'll give you a Specimen of College Learning - What we call Logic - by which I can make these two Fowles Three - for Instance - there's one - and this is two - now two and one is three - by all the powers of Logic - disprove this if you can - Father - very well Jack thou bees't a clever Fellow - so Mother shall take one - I the Second - and thou keep the third for thy pains
Times
Morning Herald
Spectator
Morning Chronicle
Globe
Charles Street Committee's Purse
We cannot hold by it no longer
Boro'mongers Retreat to the Devil
Reform
Reform
Old Ireland for ever
John Wilkes Esqr. Neat Post Chaises
Galloping Liberty
For the Corrupted Boroughs
May the Patriots ride uppermost
We are honest though poor, or who would be golted *BRACKETED* thus for his Country!
I will not overset Ye, if Ye dont overset Yourselves
Generall Warrants
Boston Port Bill
Quebec
Inclosures. Bystanders
Ah, rot such Members, my Members are better!
You have Starved me, and my Children
What a litter they have left behind them
There they go, & the D------l go with them
Vide  OPEN>> Wanderings in South America by Charles Waterton Esqr
Reform
Science & Truth
Where spreads the light of science, and of truth, / Far fly the affrighted, and the hireling crew. . . . So sink the servile, and so stand the just, / When that blest light—Reform! on England's show has burst
John Bull
3d 1/2
6d
2s 6d
6d
The certain effect of Sr Francis's success Plenty
The fatal effect of Pitt,s Corn Bill Starvation
Gentlemen, Freeholders of Middle* Now is the time to shew that you will not suffer yourselves to be sold by a begging place hunter, remember you are Englishmen! - assert your rights! & protect them - do this - & I will expend my last Guinea to preserve your liberties from the gripe of Contractors, Placemen, & their mercinary crew.
Gentlemen, Freeholders of Middlesex you well know my Father was turn'd out for bribery now I do assure you I will not give away a single farthing & more than that if my friends the Contractors &c had not given me 10000 £ I Would not have come forward at all so vote for me & I will agree with Mr Pitt in every thing he proposes for that is the only way to secure your Independence.
Defence of Goven *BRACKETED* Aris
Corsican Steel
Lather away Tally I'll soon ease him of his Superflueties and make him look like my Christian Customers.
By the Holy Prophet I must not part with my beard, why my people will not acknowledge me for the grand Signor again! at Constantinople!!
Come Come dont make such a fuss, my Master will cut away when he catches anybody in his shop -  OPEN>>  Behind Napoleon the King of Prussia sits full face in an arm-chair waiting his turn. The lower part of his face is lathered, he still has hair on his head. He holds a document:  OPEN>> Plan of Hanover
I hope he don't mean to shave me as bare as he has you, and my neighbour Austria there? I should not sit here so quietly with my face lathered!!
Yaw Mynheer very close shaver, its Nix my doll *BRACKETED* when you are used to it.
Division of Germany
Come Johnny, come in and be shaved, don't be frighten  OPEN>> d at the size of the Razor, it cuts very clean I assure you!
By Goles so it seems and leaves a dom'd sight of gashes behoind, as you and Mynheer can testify!!
for Iohn Bull
Wash Balls
Nap. Boney shaver general to most of the Sovereigns on the Continet *BRACKETED* - shaves expeditiously and clean a few Gashes excepted, is ready to undertake any new Customer who is willing to submit to the above
Election-Troops
Treasury
I know nothing of you my Friends, Lord H------d pays all the expences himself - Hush! Hush! go to the back-Door in Great George Street under the Rose!
For Puffs & Squibs and for abusing opposition
The World
Star
The Star
For changing Sides; for hiring of Ballad Singers & Grub Street Writers. . .
For Eating & Drink *BRACKETED* for Jack Ass Boys
For the attack in Bow Street
Hood
Far Voting 3 times
For Singing Ballads at 5 Skill pr Day . .
A begging we will go --- --- A new Song
Hood
For kicking up a Riot
For Perjury & procuring Jew Voters
Hood
Court-favor
Popularity
A bubble bubble
Ha! Ha! Ha! Charley it is Billys turn now: although the pretty Dutchess, wish'd to clip my pinions
Thus while I am feeding my tender Frame with the Balsamick drops may no secret blast or boisterous hurricane break their Texture
O! Time thou comforter of the degraded, and slander'd; thou unvailer of plots, & secrets; grant, Oh! grant, once more, some of those precious Bubbles, by which I have heretofore been pampered
I will chearfuly submit to any Thing to serve my Friend
or Charley after many stir's neglected by Time for attempting to climb too high
St Jameses
House of Commons
A slap at slop
great boots
Haste my Love to Bed or the Doctor will awake
Leave all within to me haste you and Sound the News abroad Never fear I've given the Old Doctor a rare dose.
Indeed I will warrant it a Virgins Child.
Hush!—No noise dont let it cry.
I.C
J.S
Oh Tempore Oh Mores
Cock a doodle do.
To the Valley of Anihilation
from the Pinacle of Glory
Aut Cromwell out Nihil - so come up Old Turnips
Heigh-Ho
Lowis *BRACKETED* d'or
French Commiss *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Spanish Anuity
Settlement
Pr Annu *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The bag is inscribed  OPEN>> Enjoyments
Spanish Leather
Hopes & Expectations
Cock-a-doodle-doo
The Oracle of Harley Street
Killing No Murder
quack!!
quack!!!
cruel quack
Come, Dilly, Dilly, Dilly, come and be killed!!!
To the Public
A Receipt of my Grandmothers | Decline Arrested | Consumption prevented | A Cure for all diseases | By The Simple | process of | Skinning Alive | protected by the | NOBILITY | and a House-Full of | Ladies | of the first Distinction | Dr Needy, Harley-Street | NO QUACKERY
momento *BRACKETED* mori
A Short Life and a Merry one
N.B. . Short Accounts make LONG Friends
Come - Come - dont be sulky - if you wont go in a snaffle you must be forced to go in a curb.
Russia
We all depend upon you Mr Bull - give him a little more spurring, and we'll soon made him feel the Rowels
Germany
Prussia
War. War. War.
Tax Tax Tax
Opression Opression
Monopoly
Ge up Johnny I'll stick Chose to you my Boy
The Art and mistery of managing Neddys
Princes D *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* ,  OPEN>> Princess
Tax on Hair Powde *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* ,  OPEN>> National Dbt
Imperial Loan
New Loan
Subsidies
What, What, What, Maister Billy is it come to this you load me so with Taxes I must rise for want of Bread
To St Jamess
St Georgs Fields
Political Sketches
Genuine Royal Gin, Distilled from the best Grain
Come Johnny, you must have some, it is only a Vidgar Prejudice - better stuff cannot be tasted
I thank your Honor, but I prefer good Bread and Beer to all the Gin in Europe.
Do your Honor - make him tast it - he is only a little squeamish - till he married me he never would touch Whiskey
Are you satisfied Gentlemen?
Is that my Grandson Jack? what a skeleton!!!
Ah mon Cousin, vat you eat de Beef & Plum Pudding!!
Bless me! why I am a mere Stump of a man to him!!! and viable my Cousin look like de Frog & John Bull look like de Ox but Grace a Dieu times are Changed!!
Soliciting. Demanding. Requesting.
The------ *BRACKETED* Head, here!
My Soul & Body, both, upon this Toast!!!
O Heav'ns! why I would empty a Chelsea Pensioners small-beer barrel in such a cause!!
Damn my Eyes! but I'll pledge you that Toast tho Hell gapes for me.
I have not drank so glorious a Toast since I was Parson of Brentford, & kept it up with Balf & McQuirk!
Holland *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* . On the extreme right sits Dr. Lindsey, with *BRACKETED* a drink-blotched face; he drinks, saying,  OPEN>> Amen! Amen!
Brandy
Hear our Prayers: & preserve us from Kings & Whores of Babylon!!!
Put enmity between us & the ungodly and bring down the Heads of all Tyrants & usurpers quickly good Lord - Hear us good Lord
O! grant the Wishes of thine inheritance
A Pig's-Stye \\ a View from Hackney
The Quiet Cut
Rude—or Artful Cut
The Tuscan Order
Corinthian-Order
Come Johnny dance away—all your distresses will vanish now the Summer is coming on—
yes. yes but I find this very heavy work—besides while I bear all the Weight—you pick up all the Half pence
and who should pick em up you warment
May Day in 1837
Reform
Come up
I say Cam this is coming the artful dodge over him
Independent Electors
Purity of Reform
To Let
No Pyson, Beer
Ale
Porter
The Real Sort
I wish you would not come so near me fellow
Vy, I'm as good a insolwent as you
The levelling system.
Post
What are the Commons about Thomas?
Dem talk about Lord Ellenborough's Divorce Bill for the good of der Nation
what are you in such a hurry about—can't you stop to speak a word with one
can't stop
BETTER
Why you would hardly believe it—a Tip-top Lady picked my pocket of my Bacca Box.
Oh lork
Since the Skeleton of the Giraffe was completed, it has been proposed to pickle the two attendants—which will make the Exhibition quit *BRACKETED* unique
The Swan Tavern
Water unfit for use
Puff
England
I say you Johnny Bullock, you shall see I will give him peppare—I will kill him all ovare— / shall send him to Davey—
Dont you make too sure of that, Mounsheer I was there myself once & only come off second best.
Is that you Bob? you seem to have altered your Condition
Yes me and Celestina made a Match of it ah—she has turn'd out such a Devil
All Matches are tipt with Brimstone you know
or the Select Vestris against the would-be Over-see-her.
I shall wear the breeches when I please—as for any thing else—I'm as good a man as you
his
If any thing particular should happen—we should be obliged to Cut our lucky —I fancy
Strike the light guitar
Through the Wood Laddye with Variations
A Stranger
Lord bless your honors I'm only a poor Button maker
A—B—C—
I say Bob—do you know what Economy means?
No
I hold a good place & retain my Pay
I hold a bad situation—& loose *BRACKETED* Pay
To obtain your end your Measures are right, You Arm the People - like me, you trample on Prerogative - Republicans favourite Plan - but all in vain - The Spirit of the Constitution never dies
Silesia
Child, he's a Soldier - a man of Honour - and Plays most delightfully with Balls
Game of Tennis
200000
This will encourage me to make the Balls rebound, and play Mynheer ten thousand for the first
We'll play them the Rubber for what they will
Marriage Alliances
Hither come to my drum! It's best to secure an Ally for when Bouncing wont do we may be oblidged to Fight
Lady now you turn to my Boy's Tattoo, you have a rare Jewel or two set in a precious hair pin made with such pure mettle that the more you rub it the better you will like it
Royal Alter
Hymen invites ye, with sports to delight ye! why, why, this is a prudent choice, for she is rich, and by fixing in Foreign Parts I save the expence of a Wedding Dinner - what what an expence love fuel is but I'll keep it in tho' it cost me five Shillings for it's time some more of my Children were tied up from running loose about here, there and every where
Land-Tax 4s in the pound
National - Debt &c
Civil-List &c.
Candles
Excise-Man
Excise
Auctions
Plate
Beer
Tea
Cyder
Spirits
Malt
Tobacco
Calico
Hides
Glass
Soap
Coffee
Chocolate
Licenses &c. &c.
New Taxes
Taxes: Maid Servants, Men Servants, Carriages &c, Game, Places, &c &c.
Medecines
Warrants of Attorney
Cards & Dice
Almanacks
Notes
Horses
Receipts
Bonds &c
News-papers
Pamphlets
&c. &c.
Customs: OPEN>>  they are inscribed respectively,  OPEN>> Wine
Cloth
Leather
Salt
Pepper
Coals
Sugar
Wool
Tobacco &c &c.
Attornies
Tile Tax
Brick Tax
Insurance Tax
Window Tax
House Tax
Shop Tax
Parochial Taxes, Poor's rate, Watch, Lights, Scavenger Pavement &c.
State Taxes, Births, Christenings, Marriages, Deaths and Burials
Commutation
Stamp
Turn-pike
Custom
Excise
Stamp
Marriage Portions
From top to toe, all o'er stuck full With Taxes grievous, poor John Bull, By acts of state so strictly bound, Pays shillings fourteen in the pound; Should Taxes new the rest surprise, Like Shop-Tax, stamps and laws excise, John must sink beneath the evil, Or kick them all to the Devil
Ridicule
Full Dress
upon the Honor of A Statesman—if they have any. you Shall be Sattisfied*
Oh Confound • the • lame • Expedition I shall hobble out of Place with a wooden Leg*
then he fired off at Castlereigh and shot the Button off his Best Coat—Oh what A Pity it was it did not hit his Waistcoat*
So the Dogs are fighting for a bone by George They have Pretty well Picked it
The Impostor Unmasked; or, the New Man of the People . . . Inscribed, without permission, to that superlatively honest disinterested Man, R. B. S - H - D - N Esqr
Electors of Stafford
List of Promisses
True Northumberland breed
Gentlemen - I am proud on this occasion to pay you my respects - I will bring in a bill of rights - I will give your oppressors a  OPEN>> Check.
You know your Checks are worth nothing
Nine Days he liv'd in Clover
To Mr Blake Plymoth
Subscriptions taken in here for reducing the price of provisions
Marybone Gardens Fete Champetre
Mr R------s Letters from ye Dead
Hearing Trumpets on a new Construction
Cox's perpetual motion, or the Elephant & Nabob
immortal lines
Epistle to Shelburne
Mason's Satirical Poems
The New Adelphi
A View of Plymouth
Prophetic Mirror
Most religious Sovereign - the benefactor of the church - the patron of liberty - the scourge of tyrants, and the defender of our most holy religion; may you long fill the Imperial Chair, and diffuse over a free and happy people all the blessings of your auspicious government.
Address, &c. &c. &c. The Legions of France congratu -  OPEN>> , saying,  OPEN>> This token of your gratitude, my dear subjects will ever stimulate me to protect your liberties - to promote your happiness - and to preserve my empire from the ravages of war, tyranny and oppression.
Patron of Liberty - Defender of our most holy Religion - free and happy People - Ha! ha! ha! - What may we not expect? - Has he not got them under excellent subjection?
Secret Chamber
*BRACKETED* gland to *BRACKETED* key
Black Sea
Suez
Red Sea
Plans against England
Religion
Treaties
Plans against Germany and Turkey
Mem. the chance of the conquest of England is worth the sacrifice of one third of the people of France. Item. As Charlemaine not only conquered Italy, but the whole of Germany, and left the Imperial dignity hereditary in the Sovereigns of France, it is indispensably necessary to obtain possession of Germany, in order to support the dignity of the Gallic empire.
Sacking of Rome
Dissolution of the National Assembly
View of Cairo
Explanation. The two figures bringing the Imperial crown . . . represent . . . the bitter Enemies of Aristocracy, and the staunch Supporters of the late Monarchial Government, tackled to the National Machine, and reduced to the most abject State of Slavery by the Influence of the Military, whose congratulatory Address Bonaparte has received at the Hand of an Officer, and is introducing him into his Secret Chamber to receive Instructions. The Demons hovering over the Imperial Crown denote Five Years of Destruction; during which Period Bonaparte will overrun and ravage the greater Part of the Continent of Europe, be the Means of nearly depopulating Turkey, and finally be slain with the Sword, be cast out as an abominable Branch, and be left as Dung to rot on the Face of the Earth. For Particulars respecting the Ingress, Progress and Regress of the Gallic Empire, as represented in Prophecy, see the Publications entitled  OPEN>> The Prophetic Mirror
The Emperor of the Gauls
Hibernian Magazine
parliament
Cobbett's Regester
the New Regester
aye aye Flog him Flog him well Flog him soundly
Alas what will this restless spirite urge me to! from my Cradle was I prone to Caviling disputation! to Oppose all Legal Authorities under all kinds of Goverments and to raise my reputation on the Calamny of others !!!
The • Last • Dying Speach of Cob-betts Regester
Cobbetts Regester Wholesale & Retail and for Exportation
Part of this Handsome Range of Appartments To Let Enquire of W Cobbett—Lately Occupied by J. G. Jones— NB the present Tenant wants a Partner in Buisness
Sentence Two Years Imprisonment in New Gate!! fined 1.000£ Security of him Self 3.000 Two Securitys 1.000£ each
What What Quarrell about a dirty Knapsack Flog 'em Flog 'em &c &c
Levelling Instruments
who has again opened his Caracature Exhibition Room to which he has recently added several Hundred new & old Subjects admit 1s.
PREDICTIONS RELATIVE TO REFORM . . . England is fated to have a substantial REFORM, and that speedily. January will be the month in which the measure may pass, or at least be wonderfully advanced. 1832 will witness an important power bestowed upon the Democracy, or, in other words, the People. Tyrannical and arbitrary powers will experience a great downfal. . . . But look well at the Hieroglyphic, and put your own interpretations on it.
1832
Vox Populi Vox Dei
Justitium
Libertas
Colossean Nabob
A Nabob's Heart
1. Mr H-----gs
Peculation
To be, or not to be, Impeachment is the question
No
Ay
2 Mr B------e, leader of the Band
Impeachment
For the Honor of the Nation
British Battalion
Music hath charms to sooth &c
3 Mr D------, Commissary and Advocate General
Bengal Battalion
Money Beg-ums
Truth
Conviction
Justice
Argument
Wit
Humanity
Sublime and Beautiful Sherry
4. Mr S------n, chief combatant for the Begums
Bengal Battalion
Hotto Scotto
Pamphlets
Pagodas
Agency
Defence of Govr H-----gs by Major S-----t.
Ay
7 Mr F--x
8. L------d N------h
9. Mr A------m
10 Law Chick
11 Mr F------k
12. Mr F------s
13 Mr M--sh--m
14 Mr P------s
Mr G--v--le
29, Aldn S------e
&c &c &c
17
Jack L------
16 Mr Fl------d
25 Rear Attack
22 Mr N-----lls
Parl. Hist.
Recollections
23 Aldn Le M------r
Rolliad's
26 Mr S------th
Parl. Hist.
Mr V------t
Bengal Squad
A second Hastings, if the Fates allow
Rolliad
20
21
20. S------r G------l
Parl. Hist.
Bengal Battalion
18 Mr P------t
Tippoo Pitto
the key of the backstairs
Refined Candour
19 At-----y G------l
Parl. Hist.
21 Jack W-----s
Parl. Hist.
24, Foraging Party
St Stephen's
Bella Horrida Bella!
Avise la fin
Magna Charta
Russian Steel
North
North East—Snow and Sleet
Mountain of Ice
Polar—Star
Invade My Country indeed—I'll Shave—Freeze—and Bury you in Snow—You little Monkey.
Pray—Brother—General—have Mercy, dont overwhelm me with your hoary element, You have so niped me, that my very Teeth chatter Oh—dear—I am quite Chop fallen.
Moscow
Petersbourg
Riga
"In te Spes Nostra
The Prayers of this Congregation are desired for one Tooke *BRACKETED* dangerously Afflicted------In sedition privy conspiracy & Rebellion
Fox's Book of Martyrs
Dear Daddy Deliver us
Coal Bag versus Wool Sack
Green Bag
Pains and Penalties
wicked Ambition
Motion for the abolishing of Military flogging
Catholic Bill
Journals of the House of Commons
Written and Sung by Mr. Emery, with unbounded Applause, at the Theatre Royal, Covent Garden
cumm'd up to Lunnon to get a new place
Specimen of the Typographic Art . . . *BRACKETED* upwards of Twenty-six Thousand pieces of metal . . . cast expressly for the purpose
should the page of History record the present era as one in which overwhelming Power combined with Senatorial Venality to crush an unprotected Female, we trust it will also preserve the qualifying remembrance, that the base Conspiracy was defeated by the irresistible force of Public Opinion, directed and displayed through the powerful medium of a Free, Uncorrupted, and Incorruptible British Press.
From Thee, O Press! what blessings flow!
Sayings and Doings— No 1
I say measter, how the dickins did you get up_ there
If you are astonished so am I. I know not why—nor wherefore—nor how I came here up to the eleventh hour—but here I am
taxes
Port
R------e
The People refuse to address to T--l--w
Bl-st their Eyes
P-tt
then I am done over. S-----y
D------s
it is all dickey with me
I'll gang to my awn country and sell Butter & Brimstone. R------d
I begin to smell Powder
G------n
I begin to stink damnably. C--t--m
I thought myself snug
C--m--n
I should have known better
B------k W-----n
I cannot Brook this I'll hop off. G--n--e
I shall lose my new Wig
W-----es
I can look either way
C--m--n
Eve been in Anguish all night
G. R. *BRACKETED* , Sack
Adulation
Sycophancy
Flattery
Servility
Meaness
Apostacy
Recantat *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . He looks to the left, exclaiming  OPEN>> GOD save the KING!!
£100 Pr Anm
Birth-Day Ode
Net / tle
Wat Tyler A Dramatic Poem
Duty of Self Interest
Consistency no Virtue
Virtue of Sack-Posset
Court Guide
Ode to the P . . . Regent
Ode to the Emperor Alexander
Ode to the King of Prussia
Cha *BRACKETED* In his steady way as Learn thou to tread
Anual *BRACKETED* Anthol *BRACKETED* ;  OPEN>> Joan of Arc
Thalaba the Destroyer
Amad *BRACKETED* . Below the title:  OPEN>> Aye, aye, hear him— He is no mealy mouthed court Orator To flatter vice, and pamper lordly pride!! vide Wat Tyler
A New Map of the World
Got for D-n de ting - here take de Candle & burn tem out!
Here my friend, take the paste-brush & Stick apiece of your thre *BRACKETED* color'd Flag over them.
I cannot scrape these little Islands out of the Map - as for your Plan Mynheer, we did try to burn them once but they would not take fire - & let me tell you Don Diego that they are not so easily overun with any flag as you may think! I believe Moses's Plan the best; that & a Threat now & then may probably do the Business.
I tink if I lend a little more monish at Turty Per Shent, it will soon annihilate dem.
Subscription to New Loan.
New Map
The Old Constitution New Revived by John Bull
9d
Porter 3d Pot
Mutton 4d lb
They are all coming down Johnny.
4d lb
French Wine 1/6
Here's The Prince Regent & his Allies!
Huzza! with all my Heart & may we never want better Friends.
Burgundy 2/-
Sherry
Extract from Moore's Almanack for the Year 1811
And it shall come to pass That Mr Winsor's Patent Gas Will very soon Eclipse the Moon And when that's done Put out the Sun
Helen
*BRACKETED* tra
The Champion of England
Rare's *BRACKETED* Progres Plate 5
Rare's Progres Plate 6
Ovids Art of *BRACKETED* ove
Tempus Fugit
*BRACKETED* rance
Prud *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , both headless. On the fringed hearth-rug is a lion. The verses *BRACKETED* begin: There was once a Rake of high renown, Heigh ho says Rowley! He had toy'd with half the Belles in Town, And yet for his Frolicks, was never knock'd down, After being milled by  OPEN>> The husband or uncle, which  OPEN>> 'eer
Claret
are you all Charged? Here's the Duke of Portland.
To the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Kent
Portland
Sample
of 700 Q
of 500 Qurs
Claret
Tokay
Burgundy
old Hock
My Yoke is Easy & my Burden Light
Charming View of the Back Settlements Sr Richard
Good lack! My Lady the Captn will see all for Nothing
Map of the Isle of Wight
Swansea Theatre
Swansea is a poor Town mostly inhabited by Copper men and Colliers; but as well paved as most Country Towns are I know of no Theatre there; I may have heard of one: I never was at it
an English dog chained to a round neutral stake
a pinch in the tail before being bitten by him in the leg
The Neutrality at the head of which is a crowned Princess nobly protecting free trade
beating the dog to encourage the Dutchman and showing him his friends
The Spaniard deftly strikes the cur with his cane and the American joins heartily in beating this pest of humanity on his impudent muzzle.
the proud Queen of the Sea being lashed by Paul Jones
Fall of the Dutch Republic
Beggar's Opera
The Beggars Opera Captn Macheath by Mrs E . . . *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Lucy by Mrs W . . . *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; other erasures are followed by  OPEN>> "Here lies Gay
Motto for the Manager
"Reddere personae scit convenientia cuique
*BRACKETED* ple of Influence | F****R Architect
G. Canning,
Brougham
Taxes
Sinecures
Pensions
Surcharg *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , above Brougham's a figure of Justice, blindfolded, with sword and evenly balanced scales. The chief object in the design is a coach and pair driven *BRACKETED* across the cobbles before the hustings. Driver and occupants are in the deepest dejection; they wear ribbons as election favours, which hang from their hats like mourning-scarves. The coach is a private carriage with the *BRACKETED* hood of a barouche, and a rumble for two behind. The driver holds the reins listlessly; in the pocket of his companion on the box are two papers:  OPEN>> To Mrs Potter
Mrs Ashton
Friends of G. Canning meet London Road Wednesday Morning.
Pensions
Places
Intrigues
Sinecures
Rotn Boroughs
Road to Ruin
Captin Gla****e *BRACKETED* runs every day during the Election
The African
Canning and more Taxes
Friends of Pensioners and Men Living by the Taxes
Surcharges.
*BRACKETED* rother *BRACKETED* ownsmen
Creevey
Wanted Immediately a Candidate
O! dear what can the matter be - Missing this Morning The Rigt Honble G Canning A Reward or a Place or Pension &c.
Gascoyne
Freemen
Octr 7th 1812
B
for little puppies
for great puppies
for overgrown puppies
as you're too small a breed d'ye see to bestow a tharshing *BRACKETED* upon, and breaking your bones will not be discarnable, Stand there my little Magpye till you can hold your impertinent Tongue.
Liberty
Reform
"If Caesar can hide the Sun with a blanket, or put the Moon in his pocket, we will pay him a tribute for light.
The Morning . . . Monday July
The Favourable assistance of Boras is very gratefull when heated, by the fateigues of Canvasing
Fresh Supplies
Charly loves to kiss & play as sweet as Sugar Candy
Fox
Fox
Heavens how happily the principels of the Sublime & Butiful are blended
I thought we ware all to avoid a Scrutany if Possible
Fox
So we are, for except in this instance Dam me if I think we are able to bare one
Charly loves good Cakes & ale Charly loves good Brandy.
Henrietta Street
1824
Mr Damington
Mr Tremloe
O you pack of sad Jacobin Rascals, So. because you could not bar me out of my own School you went off in the sulks! I've had a Rod in pickle for you some time and I'll tickle your Tobys
With Bowels lank and Head of Mallet The Joiner longs to taste a Sallad,
Old Nosegay quite alert and busy, Has one to sell and asks a tizzey.
'Tis hard for such new fangled orthodox rules, That our Opera-Troop, should be blam'd,  OPEN>> Since like our first parents, they only, poor fools,  OPEN>> Danc'd Naked, & were not asham'd! - Morning Herald
Rights of This Man
Common Sense
We'll banish Care, and all his Train Nor thought of Sadness round us play Fly distant hence, corroding pain For happiness shall crown this Day
Voyage en Angleterre . . . 1810 et 1811
Let me get her again into my hands and I'll tickle her Toby nicely - Consider my Reward, Gentlemen, I'll now give two hundred pounds.
Ay, Mistress, but we mun consider our own sens also - he is a desperate looking dog
In the name of Mistress Sharp-look-out, the Schoolmistress, I command you to deliver up little Miss - and return to the pestle and Mortar
Throw Physic to the dogs, I'll none of it!
Dear Doctor save me from my governess.
No farther at your peril.
Dont be alarm'd, Miss there is no danger
Delphine
The Monk
Evening
Gallery of Fashion dedicated to the Beau Monde
De Gugon bite more better here den dey did en France.
Yes they are a very silly Fish indeed.
They must be D-d silly indeed to be caught in this manner.
Admission for John Bull to look at the Gold.
Success to the Gudgeon fishery.
Nominal Subscribers to the Humbug Theatre
With all my Heart my Lord! I have just begun a new fishery for Flats.
ha you seem to be a dab at Gudgeon fishing my Lady.
N° 16.......'Text:  OPEN>> I Promise to pay to Spouter, Swearlie & Promptspeech, / Affidavit Makers, or Bearer, Two Pence, when Coughing, Sneezing or the / Bowel-easing Flatus, shall, By a Westminster Jury, be deemed a flagrant breach / of the Kings Peace, or, constitute the fundamentals of a wicked conspirary *BRACKETED* / London, the 5th day of December, 1809. / For Self, Sneezer, Cougher & Windcracker, / *BRACKETED* O P *BRACKETED* .Pence / Two / Entd Evergreen Laurel
The Head is Folly / Arrogance the Heart. /
Tis strange such difference should be, twixt Spouting Jack and Fam'd O.P.
Know ye, that it is the Birthright of a Briton, to be tried by his Equals
When Justasses take bail for f—rt—ng! Tis time this Land & I were parting. L.
The British Voice by nature free, Cries  OPEN>> Give me Death or Liberty
for a stew
Wa *BRACKETED* War. Eternal War
This is our God
A Sketch From Nature
A slap at slop
Q.  OPEN>> Am I not a man and a brother?
No!-you are a poor weaver!
"Charles—Abdicated  OPEN>> Polignac fled.—  OPEN>> Peyronnet—taken the People every where triumphant—no stopping the Press—, tell Scarlet it w'ont do!!!
Then farewell to all my greatness
What are you grumbling about Arthur?—the thing is as it should be. Vox Populi—, Vox-Dei— I live for and by my People, and my People live for and by me.—not in opposition to each other.—No Priestcraft shall sow discord between me and them—!!!
Thrown out at Oxford—Brother at Norwitch—another at Tamworth—Oh Arthur Arthur, the People will conquer—, the Cursed Press—, the enlightened age the March of Intellect *BRACKETED* .— Oh! Oh!—
I think a game of skittles must be healthy exercise Doctor!!
Yes! I was advised to it by my Physician! I find great benefit! I get quite a dab at it—here goes the Head of the Church!
Proceed good Doctor with your Game—I wish you all the benefit from it which your Physician has promised, but I am afraid it will never procure you a Benefice.
Busy Body
CC 1817
Gagging Bill
S.....ment
How do I look Snip? shall I command more respect? will the opposition treat me with a little more ceremony when I get up to speak? apropos Snip! you have not sign'd any of the Petitions I hope.
Why—my—Lord—I did just put down Christopher Cabbage amongst twenty-thousand others, but they will scratch it out again I dare say. for several observed that Cabbage must belong to the other party —bless me I can't look at your Lordship without makeing my Heart Ache. *BRACKETED* why it fits you magnificently—I am correct in my measures at any rate
Aristocratic Ditch
Notice to the Canaille this stream is not fordable
Red Book
Royal Kalendar
400
300
80
60
My eyes wot a lot of 'em. I say Jack do you know wot they do for all that ere blunt
Why I suppose they are werry Civil I was always werry Civil, but I only got ./6d a day
and I wur civil too, but I ant a got Nothin
A DESIGN FOR THE TWO NEW STATUES
Was ever any thing so proper,  OPEN>> As one of Bronze and one of Copper.
Rights & Liberties of the People and Repeal of the Shop Tax
Commercial Treaty
Drury Lane M------R
Defence of W.H.
Princesses of Oude
Charges
50,000 Lost to the I. Company
Charges
Tyranny & Oppression
A list of Murders Committed in the East
Indians, 80000 Butchered
45
An Extinguisher To Put Out the Splendour Of Royalty
A Saveall For the Candles Ends
Elixer of Life Drops
Sung by Mr. Bannister, in his Entertainment, called  OPEN>> The Budget
My Lambs as dead as Mutton for she does not say a word!
Then Simpkin kiss'd his wife, I'm yours till death, he cried, So, when, my dearest life, will you take another ride ?
Homilies
Book *BRACKETED* Common Pray *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . He tears a profile bust portrait of George III, dividing the head from the body. He wears a bonnet-rouge, a tattered tricolour blouse, a belt round the waist in which a dagger is thrust inscribed  OPEN>> A Deo et Rege
The Lady's Death
Life in Paris
A slap at slop
Hence Babbling Visions, you threaten here in Vain
Do you hear tax them not for they are the abstract and brief chronicles of the time after your death you were bettr have a bad Epitaph than their ill report while you live.
Oh I have fed upon this woe already and now excess of it will make me surfeit doth Shakespear know that we are tax'd
Hang him a taxing salt butter Rogue I will awe him with my Cudgell It shall hang like a Meteor ov'r his Head
List O List tax us not
Boreas, Boreas, BO!
For this be sure thou shalt have crampt side stiches that shall pen thy breath up
Thou shalt be pinch'd as thick as honey-combs each pinch more stinging than bees that made them
Burns Justice
Black Stone
Habeas Corpus
"Six
From Soho, P.I. de Loutherbourg fecit, Torre Excut. Published According to Act of Parlt Feby 10th 1775
A Sermon for Royalty
Indispensible
"O Meara deliver'd me your Letter yesterday morning. he wishes to preach before Royalty & I'll put him in the way for it.
Begar Jean Bull never lose he always win ah: now he's broke my shin.
Huzza - Old England for ever D------m me, had there been a hundred of them I'd have tipt 'em all.
The Royal Oak - A Neeson
Here's the Wooden walls of Great Britian
An Extemporary Duet, on Quitting the Windsor Castle
She—Oh! where and oh! Where is my Darling Georgey gone? He—He's gone to t'other Country, and never will return; Both—And its oh in our hearts, We do for Georgey mourn. &c &c
Protestant Ascendancy
Delusion—Delusion's abroad—I have worked it bravely; thanks to my nether genius. His scaly body, terminating in a sea-monster's tail, rises from the water; on it sits the *BRACKETED* Devil, holding between his legs a little seated man, who asks:  OPEN>> Shall your dear Shell, like his Tragedies so soon be damned. The Devil, who holds a firebrand behind his back, answers:  OPEN>> Never fear my little Darling you have no drowning mark upon you.
Liberator
They will be hanged yet, tho' every drop of water swear against it
His complection is perfect gallows
We are cheated of our lives by their ambition.
Oh for my acre of barren ground
The Padhereen
40s fungus
Irishman
Thus repulsed our final hope is flat despair.
A bad wood cut from a Bad drawing by Geoe Cruikshank 1862
Hanover
What thee hast got it hast thee? - the Devil do thee good with it, Old Measter Chatham used to say it was a Millstone round my neck - so perhaps I may feel more lightsome without it.
Its cursed heavy! I wish it had been Malta
Tickets and shares insured
All demands for insurance paid at this Office every evening
the City Apprentice
Alas! why give to the Rich and neglect the Poor - is this Oeconomy
Pit
Oeconomy
Resolved. That No additional Income be allowed to young George. W.P.
Quebec Bill
1000l. Per Annum
Sure there never was so able and honest a Commissary as Brook Watson - I'll swear that
To the Livery of London I pledge myself not *BRACKETED* to accept of Place or Pension
Annuity
Sure there never was so brave & frugal a General as Sir Guy - I'll swear that
To the City of Quebec
To the City of London
Unlike to paltry Beggars who in Moorfields stand, And meanly ask for daily bread with hat in hand; Or brave Tars who by War, not Shark, have lost a leg, To gain the priviledge in street to starve or beg. The Parliament July 1786 granted a Pension of 1000l per Annum to Sir Guy Carleton, knt. of the Bath, Govenor of Canada, Commissioner of Accounts &ca, and for the natural Lives of his Lady and two Sons, also an Annuity of 500l to Brook Watson Esqr Representative, Alderman & Sheriff of the City of London. NB Sir Guy was Commander in chief at the same time Mr W-----was Commissary General to the Army, in America, during the late War &c
cannot allow any Letters—dont like 'em—Not satisfied with your K—G—G—C—B—K—St P and G. C. H.
Go hop me over every Kennel home—Shak—
I will have my Testimonials
Go! Go! mend your Life first and then you shall have them.
Testimonials indeed! she should leave off those fallals first.
HO ... EL
My Lord, I've call'd to acquaint you of my intention of retireing from the Court of Chancery. *BRACKETED* —"Mr Bell, let me remonstrat *BRACKETED* with you on the impolicy of putting your intentions into immediate execution.
My Lord I am growing old.
I am your senior by some years
I am much weaker Mr Bell.
I have a swimming in my head
And so have I.
Prerogative
A Plan to Establish Arbitrary Power
A Plan for limiting all Court favours to the Worst men we can find
Bill to Limit the Descendants of George ye . . .
A RADICAL MAN , who despises all Law
Clerical Magistrate
Law
Justice
Constitution
Reform
Liberty
Puff
Peace
Make haste, my dear Honeys
Ambassadors
No Restrictions, by the Holy Cross of St Patrick!!!
Leinster potatoes
We'll let the English see what Upright Members we have in Ireland; never lose an Inch in any Engagement!
Ulster Potatoes
Ambassador
Christ Jasus how our majority will astonish the young King
Damn my blood I shall lose all my Potatoes!
By my own soul my dear I was told that he *BRACKETED* was recovering very fast
Apple Potatoes
all Shittle comeshite! by my own salvation he's as mad as a March hare
Munster Potatoes
Forty Shilling Franchise Title
N° 1
N° 2.
House of Commons
Now Mr Speaker mind your Hits!
Clare for Ever
Erin Go Bragh
Hurrah! there he flies at 'em—now by the Holy prater if they send him back we'll soon return him again & see who's tired first.
I Can't go—I've got the Toothe Ache
I can't go its not convenient to Travel.
Conciliation Millstone
Coalition
Faction
Neck or Nothing
Lately granted by a new College of Arms to two Illustrious Persons for their numerous and distinguished Virtus  OPEN>> Go and do thou likewise
Reform Bill
Hereditary Right
Run my Mead
The Man of the People High in Office
Household
Let's joyful Dance and merry Sing
for Ch--l--y *BRACKETED* is quite the thing
No Peers No Pensions
Huzza
Address
Tomorrow | As you like it, with Select | Poems and To Night, First | Orlando Furioso, | Second | The Victim | with Part | of Mr Sheridans | Speech in | Westminster Hall
cit
Farewell Johnny - Remember me
Yes D------n thee, I have reason to remember thee, - but good bye, so thou'rt off, I dont care - go where thou wilt, - thou'lt be a plague to the Land thou lightest on.
A new version of Der Freischütz
What dark'ning power is ruling o'er me?
Yorkshire
Reform
Bull's eye
Ah poor Charley I thought it would come to this.
Do you not behold friend Sam I have obtained the height of all my wishes
What shall I do?
The Times
Control your grief my dear Friend—you have been indiscreet, but you shall not lose your Place—Assume a bold front as I am wont to do—There is nothing like carrying things with a high hand
Be consoled, G—B— *BRACKETED* says he has hit upon a nice little device which he hopes will bring you off with the C.....ns
Severe Battle
The New Whig Guide
Curracoa
Thats a prime facer—there goes the Brewer.
Zounds Man you should have guarded your jaw better why that left handed facer will floor you.
En / tire / W
I knew Sam had no chance from the beginning of the battle, he hit at random.
Why Sir if you observed he more than once pinked Brother Hiley the bottleholder instead of aiming his blows right at Bob. Sam is a glutton *BRACKETED* , but has no more science than Ikey Pig. tho he has gained easy victories over some provincial novices at the fairs at Bedford, he is not able to contend with tip top profesors.
Thats a prime facer there goes the Brewer
Lombard Street to a china orange.
Who would have thought it! Sure Sam has not been in proper training!!
No he has'ent taken Brown Stout enough!
1st Round. No sparring—Sam set too, without much ceremony. He made three or four hanging hits at Bob Stewart *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> s head; but it was evident he misjudged his distance terribly. Sam acted in this round quite on the offensive, tho' he shifted his ground constantly, and threw a good many hits away right and left. Towards the end of the round he lost his temper, tried a cross buttock but failed; and after an irregular struggle was thrown on his back against the ropes.—. 2d Round. in this round the Irishman showed himself a flash man, and as cool and determined a pugilist as was ever pittied *BRACKETED* : he sparred cautiously at first, parried all Sams hits with much dexterity, and punished him about the head and body with the greatest good humour. Sam seemed uneasy at this treatment; and at length Bob Stewart *BRACKETED* took compassion on him, and planted a left handed facer on Sams jaw, which floored him and put an end to the round-Lombard Street to a china Orange against Sam.—3d Round, Sam rallied and sprung on his legs with much gaiety; his wind seemed untouched, and his jaw stronger than ever; he affected to make play but the Irishman smiled with confidence. Sam tried to pink him below the waist; loud cries of  OPEN>> foul, foul,
Commission to the Lord of ye Treasury
... to the eastern Side Of Paradise so late their happy Seat Waved over by that flaming Brand, the Gate With dreadful faces throng'd and fiery Arms Some natural Tears they dropt, but wiped them soon The World was all before them where to chuse Their Place of Rest and Providence their Guide They Arm in Arm with wandring Steps and slow Thro
The Banditti
Satire
F N
The Mask
Vox Populi
Living Dog
Dead Lion
T. Pidcock
Next week will be published *BRACKETED* ,  OPEN>> The whole Reminiscences, wondrous and strange,  OPEN>> Of a small puppy-dog that lived once in the cage  OPEN>> Of the late noble lion in Exeter  OPEN>> Change
Cherished by the FAIR
Political Register
Statesman
Gulf of Perdition
Quack Quack
Corporal Curtis's Case
Substitute for a Cat o Nine Tails
Address to the . . .
Humane Substitute for a Cat o *BRACKETED* ails
Burdett Wardle & Co *BRACKETED* vengers Night Work Done
B. du Rhin
1. The King of the Beasts
2. The Secret Beast
3. A Jackall called Lupus Aureus, or the Golden-Wolf, said to be the Lion's provider - L - Jenkey
P W
4. The Principal of the Fox kind
D. Y.
5. A Lobster - the flogging D------ *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . With his back to the throne, as if on the Woolsack, sits Thurlow as a bear, holding a paper:  OPEN>> Speech
6. A Bear, leading his accompanying Cubs by the Nose - Hurlo Thrumbo
Beauties of Natural History
7. Regency Rats
L.M.
D of Q
9
D. of R.
Ordinance Ferret.
L. C------m
10. Jesuitical Tabby
M.L
11. Bird of Peace - Maligrida
15. A Turkey - Viscount Gobble
16. A Stag
Maid of the Oaks
Storm Mount
17. A Boar or Bore
18
D------ of P------: 18. A Camel -of undoubted weight in Portland
19. A Dromedary - The Norfolk Farmer
20. A Peacock from Carlisle
21. A Crocodile. Lord Weatherturn.
28. W-----ves in Sheep's Cloathing.
Pluralities
23. Charley Boy leading his Sagacious Admirers
12. The Sp------r
29. The Q------s Ass *BRACKETED* or Master Billy leading his T-----y *BRACKETED* Toadeaters.
M------ G------
L. M-----n
L. A
L. B------m
Mr Roe
Mr S
13. An Elephant - Sawney Controul
14. & Magpie. The little Major
L. M--g--e
30. A Puppy of curious breed - Stuttering Billy
31. A Monkey tearing the Cap of Liberty - Squinting J------k
wit
Satire
24. An Animal Dissected - found to consist of Lungs and Tail or Tale
Sir J------ J------n
8. Country Gentlemen
Mr P------ *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; the others are  OPEN>> Mr M------n
Mr R
22. The Hyena of St. Omer's
25. A Badger L Boreas
36. A Shark
Ald N------
33. A Goat - Sir Watty
27. An American Sloth, Genl Saratoga
26. A Tyger - from Bengall
32. Weathercock of Eden
Master Dickey
Sir Archey
Scotto
Sketch \\ of the \\ Constitution \\
Ist Estate
2d Estate
Medium between King and People
3d Estate
As it was
As it is
Prerogative
K-----g
L------ds
C------ns
As it was
Check
As it may be
Example
Three in One
la Nation, la Loi, le Roi
They must all rise, or fall together.
This d------d Yoke galls me more than the 13 Stripes.
These are Weighty Arguments I wish I had stood alone.
We are bound together by the strongest Ties
Revolution... France
OPEN>> Tis very hard to be sure - but Justice demands it
Fig 2. p. 201
The Dane-Geld
1000 . . .
Million
Genius of Caricature
Lilliputians
Genius
Miles from London
He that HUMBLETH himself shall be EXALTED
with an Excellent New Ballad, to be sung by a High Character, to the Tune of the Vicar & Moses
NB. Good Allowance to those who Contract for a Quantity
No Popery
To the French Amba *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> To the Prussian Minister
To my dear Cousin G------l G------n
Who throws at my yellow cock ? - confusion - why thus hesitate - knock one down you have them all
Faction
Prussia
If you dare to spill one drop of the Orange juice, our Tall regiment shall squeeze your High Mightiness's *BRACKETED* guts out - dam  OPEN>> me
Ah, Ah, by gar, de French politics vos make de countries conquer demselves
<<CLOSE - -----O, mischief! thou art swift
To enter in the thoughts of desperate men.
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Luton, a-Ho
Bushey Park, a Ho
Caen Wood a Ho
Hollands Gin
? TM
The Bull see enrag'd has the Spaniard engag'd, And gave him a Terrible Toss, As he mounts up on high, the Dollars see fly, To make the bold Britton rejoice, The Yankee & Monsieur, at this look quite queer, For they see that his Strength will prevail, If they'd give him his way, and not with foul play, Still tug the poor Beast by the Tail
"The Nefarious & abominable practice of mixing teas with various cheap ingredients of the most poisonous qualities, has already been sufficiently exposed;  OPEN>> !!!—
London / Coffee / House
The London Tea House
Genuine Tea Company
No Adulteration
Pro Bono Publico
Chinese Gunpowder
Genuine Tea
Steam Engine
Exchequer
To the Ks Bench
To Newgate
There was No Tea in the composition!!!!! yet they fined me £2320!!!
It's never too late to mend.
Clover & Ash
Sloe leaves
Verdigrease
Potatoe Parings
Dutch Pink
Elder leaves
Bohea
"I wish to retrieve my Character
and I think that it is fair we / should All be Tarred
We have been togathe *BRACKETED* & we'll go togather.
Tea paper Resolved—00000 Resolved—00000
Gentlen, Unless we can make our Tea, a little better, depend upon it, we shall all go to pot! I am quite affected by it already— but I hope I shall go to Bed-well.
Ludgate Hill Gas
Aye, aye, we shall all be Dished
who calls, me a-ber-y.
"I, said the Sparrow
I wish to Ax, if anybody can afford to sell cheaper?
Sharps the word
I'll be Secretary, for I'm the Man for a Brown Study
who talks about sloes & black Berries
Come down with your Dust: I'm Treasurer
This is a bad Day for us—O, it will play the devil with us this Winter
Let's Marshall ourselves against this new Tea Compy
I lament this exposure, it makes me as melancholy as a Gibbs *BRACKETED* Cat.
who cares a Button?—'Shaw!
Let's throw as much dirt at Concern *BRACKETED* as we can
Take care you don't splash your self
That's right! *BRACKETED* pelt away, never mind dirtying ourselves.
Mr Chair man I consider this a Second Gunpowder plot it is evidently so as they opened on the 5th of November
Suppose we meet in Holborn
Although the Names of certain persons have been suppressed in the public prints there is no doubt but the Commissioners of Excise will give facility to the exposure of every delinquent coming under thier notice—see report of the Meeting.
My eye! how the scum bubbles up to the top!
Resolutions of the T. Trade—&c &c.
Resolutions, &c.
Tea Paper
Who'll buy my ha'porth of Straw?— for my part, if I could get good Tea I should not care a straw who I bought it of!
Genuine Tea Company
I am going to mak a purchase of this New tea Company.
I have just been we may now I think ask each other to a Cup of Tea!
Excellent! establishment pon honor!!
Now for a Good Cup of Tea once more.
Tim
M
The Hypocrite
You are all infidels!—the public press, the march of intellect, the spirit of the day—all is sheer idolatry! You think of doing every thing by Capital, by machinery and by laws, but I tell you for your comfort, that you will all go to the——you will endeavour— when the day of Judgement arrives, to cling to the skirts of my coat, but I'll fling you all, for lo! on that day I will wear a Spencer!
Rock of Broad-Bottom'd Security
The Sinking-Fund - i.e - Taxations of 42 Millions pr Annum
Treasury
- Toss away! Toss away! my good Boy! toss away!!! - oh how kind it is, to ease me of this Terrible Load!
Patience, Johnny! - ar'nt I tossing-away as fast as I can? ar'nt I reducing of your Taxes to sh/17 & 6d in the Pound? - why you ought to think yourself quite comfortable & Easy, Johnny!
Vansit *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  gapes for the small droppings from his master's receptacle *BRACKETED* . Behind Grenville, Ellenborough receives a heavy shower on his head. Sheridan, as Harlequin *BRACKETED* , his wooden sword held behind his back, holds out with a servile gesture a *BRACKETED* bonnet rouge shaped like a fool's cap. Behind him, Lauderdale, in Highland dress, holds out a Scots cap. Towering above Sheridan, Moira holds up an enormous cocked hat, trimmed with the Prince's feathers, and receives, after Grenville, the largest harvest of coin. In his right. hand are papers:  OPEN>> Price of Stocks
Royal Jordan
Majesty of the People
Sacred to the Memory of departed Greatness
W Pit *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Behind this is a weeping willow. In the front row are four: Castlereagh on the r., and neares the spectator, stands with legs astride, his right. hand to his forehead, his hair erect, hat falling off. In his left hand he holds a very long scroll headed  OPEN>> Financial Resolutions
My Sinking Plan would have cleared it off in half the Time!!!!
O! the Petty Cheat! that Sinking-Fund was our invention! - & not to If a Snack of it at last! Oh! Oh! O.
a few Scatterings this way, would be very acceptable indeed.
Not a single Fee! - not one Shovel for us! - O! - O! - O!!!
Parl. Hist.
Alas!
Hibernia
I did not think it would come to this
Bring all your Riches to my great Pitt
Pius the VII
Gone to Ireland
A Catalogue Raisonné of the Select Collection of Engravers of an Amateur
A
F
B
M
H
D
A
R
Reform
Retrenchment
Go on Coachman that's the Road!!!
The Old Sovereign Coach
Help. Bob— help—how shall we get out of this Slough—? that cursed Don-key has frightened the Horses—. Bob—I cant go to the King now you know
Cock adoodle doo. I shall soon come over to you I'll Fight true game & crow my Fame, and make you all look Blue.
You impertinent Cock, I'll have you to know on this side the Brook you never shall Crow and if you are not Quick and give up your Jaw I'll teach you the nature of English Club law.
*BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . *BRACKETED* Each of the three Imperial Graces is  OPEN>> Her Imp: Highness ye Princess . . . *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . There is an additional inscription: *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> The Heir apparent son of her Imperall Highness ye Princess Louis *BRACKETED* Daughter in Law & chere ami *BRACKETED* to ye Emperor. *BRACKETED* After  OPEN>> Madame Taleyrand
cidevant Mrs Grand Mrs Francis *BRACKETED* Mrs Halhead the British Prophetess conducting his Imp Highness the heir apparint in ye Path of Glory
Hyrald at Arms, Secretary of State, Prime Minister of ye Empire - Nominated King of Great Britain after ye Invasion carrying ye genealogy of ye Emperor
led on *BRACKETED* by his old Faithful Friend. & attended by the Imperial Cardinal Fetch, dispensing the Incense
poissards
supporting the Train . . .
Augerou
Massena, Macdonald
& other Republican Generals, marching in ye Procession to the Tune of ye Marseillois Hymne -  OPEN>> Alons son wer Palme soldat Marthes
carrying
bearing
Marseillaise is ye Eagle de Mai
Watts it you want Watts it you buy
Description
"Correct Explanation of the Hieroglyphic Portrait of Buonaparte.
hat
red collar
River Rhine
black border
the letters on the fingers
Cuff
Sleeve
R
spider
web
Copied from the Original Berlin Print; of which there was sold in that Capital, 20,000 Copies in One Week!
Bella! \\ Horrida \\ Bella!
Sun get thee to Bed! Myself will Light ye World
Ho Rains! - Deluges! - Drown the Harvest!
Pestiferous Winds! blast the fruits of the Earth!
Ho! Flies! Grubs, Caterpillars! destroy the Hops!
4
Pro-Bono-Ministero
WP
Bellendenus
Ruin upon Ruin, or an Essay on the Ways & Means for supporting the cursed War.
as lately discover'd by Dr P-----r, in the Froth & Fumes of his favorite Beverage - \\  OPEN>> Four Pence a Pot for Porter! - mercy upon us! - ah! its all owing to the War & the cursed Ministry! - have not \\  OPEN>> They ruind the Harvest? - have not They Blighted all the Hops? - Have not They brought on the destructive Rains, \\  OPEN>> that we might be Ruin'd in order to support the War? - & brib'd the Sun not to Shine, that they may Plunder us in the dark?
Beggar's Opera
Hither, dear Johnny turn your Eyes Bestow one glance to chear me Think that with Grief your Polly dies Unless you still will hear me.
Mi fal. sol
If a Woman should pout *BRACKETED* Tho her rival's as meek as a Lamb Her Vapours to still In lieu of a Pill The quieting draught is a dram.
Inflammable Air
Inflammable Air
How blue it burns
We shall now have a Lunatick Journal
F.R.S.
I've a card for ye Georgium Sidus
Court of Inquiry
Reasons for quitting my last Regiment
Bills
Letters from Lawyers
34
G.G.
Courage
Anticipation
How to C ... net
Peacock . . .
My Bane and Antidote now lye before m, *BRACKETED* This in a moment brings me to an end But these inform me I shall never die!! Cato
Breach of Trust
Obstinacy
Incorrigible-ness
Disgrace
Lies
Dashing Advice to Officers.—get a friend to pay for your clothes and send you the reciepts. NB. shew them in proof of payment when he asks you for the Money. —Never mind a horsewhipping If your friend leaves the room with money on the table borrow some—the Paymaster is fair game.
Honi
A Begging We will go &c.
if a Man is disposed to D------n he may as well D------n Mr P------as any body else
Information against Nicola *BRACKETED* Ploughsha *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , turning his head angrily to a fat farmer who asks:  OPEN>> do you hear that Informer D . . . Mr P. . . D . . . Mr P . . . D . . . Mr P . . .
as its lawfull for a Man to D------ who he pleases I say D------ the Judge I say D------the Judge D------the Judge.
ha ha D . . . Mr P. . . Neighbour
D . . . en zo I zay
I zay Friend D . . . Mr P . . . D . . . Mr P . . . I zay
zo I zay D . . . Mr P. . .
D------ M P . . .
Yes Yes
O Yes with all my Heart
aye aye
You cant come in here why dont you bagonet her
pho! pho! there's only nine of you, I can squege in
Oh that Guy Earl of Warick was alive he'd soon stop her capering
My dear fellow never mind, Guy but help me up: I feel a Horn running into me
she will be up the ladder in a twinkling, you had better go underneath
We can't get in
She'll give the poor drum Major the Cow Pox
Written by Major Downs *BRACKETED* ; and sung, with unbounded Applause, by Mr Johnstone, at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane.
All the world's a stage
An Accidence, or Gamut, of Painting in Oil...
The Book of the Wars of Westminster: from the Fall of the Fox . . . to the 20th Day of the Third Month, 1784
Call Fiends and Spectres from the Yawning Deep
Cast in your mite each Midnight Hag Fill the Protectors Poisoned Bag.
Here's Old Nick's Nose
Here's Devil's Dung
the Wind of Boreas
Belial's Tongue
Traitors Heart
and Gibbetts Blocks But Hold ye Hags for here comes Fox.
And set the Ministers of Hell to Work.
Memoirs
and all the  OPEN>> Effluvia
I España
No ie temo, sabes quien soi?
Mirame Aqui lucho
2 Inglaterra
Quando haces el desembarco?
3 Portugal
Me escapé Napoleoncito
7 Napoleon
Botoba qual cojeré
4 Suecia
No me pillas
5 Alemania
Te conozco ya, y estoi prevenida
6 Turquia
Querias engañarme, pues tengo al Ingles
The Gulf of Oblivion
Exitus acta probat
Widow Casey at the Sign of the Cock and Bottle
Genteel Accomodations
York Races
Articles of Capitulation 8,000 Per An. A Duchess in my own right. The mockery of Marriage by a Priest and a Parson
She's wholly your's. My heart's so full of joy  OPEN>> That I shall do some wild extravagance  OPEN>> Of love in publick, and the foolish world,  OPEN>> Which knows not tenderness, will think me mad.
Go! whither? go from all that's excellent!  OPEN>> Faith, honour, virtue, all good things, forbid  OPEN>> That I should go from her on whom my love is set  OPEN>> Above the price of kingdoms. Give, ye gods!  OPEN>> Give to your boy, your Caesar,  OPEN>> This rattle of a globe to play withal,  OPEN>> This gewgaw world, and put him cheaply off;  OPEN>> I'll not be pleas'd with less than
If the dictates of humanity will not prevail we must take the chance of War! but remember Man proposes, but God disposes.
Tis false no man proposes to me, and I dispose of events, your Master has offended me and I hurl him from his Throne.
Ma foi c'est dire un peu trop! t'is say great deal.
Who knows himself a Braggart,  OPEN>> Let him fear this; for it will come to pass,  OPEN>> That every Braggart shall be found an Ass.
dessected
Front. to Petition to unborn babies
as it effects the | Manufacturer——the Agriculturist——and the Fundholder
I am a Ruined Man! my Banker refuses any more 5 £ Notes—says they come back to him, as fast as they go out; and as for supplying his Customers with a sufficiency of Gold for the purposes of Trade *BRACKETED* is *BRACKETED* quite out of the Question
It is all up with me! my Farm which used to afford me a decent maintenance, with som'what to lay by wont now yield the Rent, to say nothing of Tithes, Poor Rates, and a lot of other taxes, and make the matter worse, *BRACKETED* my Landlord wont let me off, or reduce Rent, while I have a Shilling left, hard Case!
If Ministers, by altering the Currency, have reduced the price of all necessaries of life 50 per Cent, income being Still the same, have they not in fact increased my income 50 per Cent? O! it is as plain as that One and One makes two
The subtlest beast of the field *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . This is annotated below the design:  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* NB some Hyper-Critics say it was not originally written Field but Moorfields
Aldeberts Letter
Mahomet's Gridiron
Old Light at Mecca
Koran
New Light in Moorfields
Bedlam Hymns
Druid Hymns
Ignat
Loyola Monita Secreta
Gin
Calm Address of Both
Wise as Serpents
Thus modern Arts on Ancient Plans improve, A Bedlam-Serpent swallows Mecca's Dove
I have a Right to two Seates in the House, but damn me if I know how I shall get into the other however I will make a motion for the high Bailiff
Alass poor Fox I bewail your case Take this purse it will procure you the place.
Fairy Tales
"Cedant Arma Togæ—Concedit Laurea Linguæ
Hollo there! you ca'nt pass—stop and My Lord you shall not pass! our orders are peremptory
You are perfectly right to execute your orders—I admire military discipline of all things and would turn back with pleasure—but that I happen to be in a hurry
Disorder
Order
Counter Order
Home Brewed
I shall be Suffocated help—help D—n the Chotholic question.
Alexander, a weak spiritless Monarch a mad man to Oppose the all Conquering Arme of Bounaparte Emperor of Austria Firmly attached to Boney King of Prussia in Strict alliance with him & not to Be moved Saxony Bavaria Bohemia and all the Principle Powers united to him by Choice not liable to be Drawn away. Spanish Resistance Futile British Assistance Childish Imbicility.
I say Mr Brewer, I hope you have Got Enough of Propecying for your Friend If you can't make a better Brewing than that I would Advise you To Leave off Buiseness.
Tis Madness To Oppose the Destinies
profil perdu
This horrid head in antient times was known, To petrify beholders into stone. But Pitt the Perseus of the present day, With patriot zeal has took its pow'r away, The venom'd heads from him receiv'd no quarter Or stings that pointed at the India Charter
A New Variation for the  OPEN>> Soldier Tired
Home! Sweet Home!
the incomprehensible je-ne-sçais-Quoi of Elegance, \\  OPEN>> which appertains solely to Men of high Fashion.
saveall
I must take care of these Banks or they'll upset me.
Cavendish Square
To London
To Cambridge
Beauties of Administration, a Poem . . .
Fresh Supplies
Corruption
Mollia cum Duris, Sine pondere habentia pondus
Treasury-Bench
Tax
Treasury-Bench
£12.000
£7.800
Bench
He is a good Paymaster who refunds with Interest, when he is detected.
Arm *BRACKETED* . . . Pay Office
Hoot Mun neer mind that paper - ye re surrounded by friends.
10th Report
Report of the Committee of Enquiry . . . *BRACKETED* Steele . . . Public Money.
Usher of the Black Rod
Army Accounts . . . S *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . By the  OPEN>> Treasury-Bench
The Difference between Law and Justice!!
Mansion House—Atkins Mayor Wanted immediately some people of Temparate Conduct to manage the affairs of the City
Take that!—It is all you shall get here whilst I am Master of the house! & to save us the trouble of Turning you out every day. I'll lock up the Gates and Dine at a Cook Shop!—If people want a Magistrate, let 'em go to Guildhall—I'll not be insulted by you or any of your d—d Jacobin party that clamour for Reform and always oppose the Government!!
made by Depy Williams Scalemaker Cannon St
Accts
I will not produce the accounts of the Ward—I have Balanced them according to my own Scale and have Weighed the consequences of my resolution!
Botheration Bag
Writs
Petition to the Court of Aldermen from ye Ward of Walbrook complaining of an improper influence exercised by ye Lord Mayr in Electing the members—
Indictment against Depy Williams for not producing ye accounts of the Ward!
Four Actions agt the Lord Mayor and his servants for Assaults!!
Atkins Bail for Depy Williams
The Surprising Irish Collossus. King of the Giants Measuring Eight Feet Five *BRACKETED* Inches . . . Noble Order of St Patrick
cit
Holy Alliance
Portugal., Spain, France, Italy, Poland
Spring
Oh you bewitching Angel behold at your feet a Swain as tender as a Veal Cutlet, You are the very Broad Cloth of perfection—have pity on me Adorable Mrs Griskin.
You enchanting Devil I do not know what to say to you. however Mr Thimble—that Mole between your eye-brows— put me so much in mind of my poor departed Husband, that I think I cant refuse you.
Summer
O thou wert born to please me My Life my only Dear.
Ay now you look a little stylish You are a—Charming Man who would not be married.
Autumn
Dear Mr Thimble,
Here you feller here's a pretty commence. An interspected letter from one of your Naughty Women I knew you was going to Gallivant.
Well Ma'am, since you come for to go to that, who was it Galivanted with Mr Dip the Dyer to White conduit House last Sunday answer me that however I'll have a separation.
Winter
Articles of Seperation between Jeremiah and Tabitha Thimble
I never felt myself so Comfortable in all my Life.
O Blessed day for Jerry Thimble I hope to pass the next Year in Peace and quietness.
The Body Soul & Mind of the Gazetier Cuirassé
Peter's Pension
Pension
Odes
Fare thee well! and if for ever—"Still for ever fare thee well!
Letter to Mr Perry Morng Chronicle
Corsair a Poem by Lord Byron
Lord Byrons New poems Farewell &
Theatre Royal Drury Lane—The Jealous Wife *BRACKETED* after which Lovers Vows *BRACKETED* Amelia Wildenhain by Mrs Mardyn!
"A Sketch from private life
Farewell
A Sketch
"With Eye unmov'd & forehead unabashd  OPEN>> She dines from off the plate she lately wash'd.  OPEN>> Quick with the tale & ready with the Lie,  OPEN>> The Genial Confidante & General Spy
Plan of the Source of the Milan Springs and the Famous—Po—Well
Who are you?
The Vice Roy of Brandy Boro!
Cock of Cotton Walk
Truth will come out
non mi ricordo
There's a great deal of trouble with some of our Wards
Look at me—don't See—don't see I'm the Beadle of Parish &c
"He Sir that takes pity on decayed men—and gives them Suits of durance; he that sets up his rest to do more exploits with his Mace—than a Morris pike— vide Shakspeare
The Genuine Works of William Hogarth
Pubd March 1st 1807 by T Rowlandson N 1 James Street
Stee *BRACKETED* Traps Spring Guns set in this Garden.
To see them Rattle, Howl and Tear, By Jove twould make a Parson swear
Paris
Mons Marte
Aye Aye I shall catch some of the John Bulls, & I'll make them spend their money & their time too in France.
curse the Allies for giveing the Monster his Liberty.
Oh! that I had never left Old England.
We want de Coach to join de grand Emperor—we teach you now to recover our lost honor & fight like Devils.
Me vant de horse to meet my old master Boney.
The Devil you do.
Oh lork what vill become of us!!! Jonney?
Oh! dear! Oh Dear I have left all my valuables in Paris
How they will laugh at us at home, for being so fond of spending our money in Foreign Countries.
To Calis
Come forward Gentlemen —you'll all be welcome—every little helps,
Clarke and C° From the York Hotel London
The Original Cock and Breeches
Your Rhino rattle—come Men and Cattle come All to Mrs Clarke O, Of Trouble and monies, I'll ease you my Honies, And leave you in the dark O.
Angersteein
Monster A Reward \\ 100 ...
This likeness of him was Drawn by a Lady who he had wounded and Approved by two others
Ladies Bottoms Covered on the most Reasonable Terms also Kept in repair by the Year by Anti: Monster
for young Ladies of 15
Ladies of 30
Very fat Ladies
Magic Circle
HONI SOIT QUI MAL Y PENSE
Under this may be found a soothing for every pain, a remedy for every sorrow & a reward for every trouble—here the lover may find bliss—the hero rest & the Church Man as comfortable a repose as can be obtained on earth—here no diplomas are required to substantiate merit—no proofs necessary to be given of Genius Talents or Honor no impediments of Want of Virtue, Character or Reputation, but any one may slip in unperceived *BRACKETED* & meet the reward of his laudable ambition provided he can deposite a few Guineas in the pocket appended or lodge a reasonable deposit at Coutt's or Clarke's & C° Gloucester place
Liberty
Equality
Humanity
Social Happiness
Tranquiliy
Security
Domestic Peace
Laws
Urbanity
Order
Religion
Republic of Paris
France
Ca ira
Religious Indifference
Assignat
Plenty
Law
Ah Ca! f-----u Convention
Humanity
Peace of Europe Establish'd
Abolition of Offensive War
Geneva
Peace
Plenty
Death or Victory
England expects every Man To do his Duty.
Belly Rough One
74
The Throne
Sacred Characters
Lodge of the Roman Eagle
Keen Wolf
A Keen Lion
To Manag *BRACKETED* Puff
a stupid Puff
a silly Puff
A nonsensical Puff
A queer Puff
An Ostentatious Puff
A miserable Puff
A contemptible Puff
A stale Puff
A fresh Puff
A Bombastic Puff
A ridiculous Puff
Your Play won't do—Its worse than Bad /  OPEN>> theres some pretty poetry in it to be sure, but /  OPEN>> altogether it's a d—d stupid production! the /  OPEN>> effects of Deranged Intellect
A lie—an Odious d—d Lie *BRACKETED* .
Plays by an Unfortuneate Buck
The Italians a Rejected Play
You are so inflated by the Managers puffs /  OPEN>> that you forget yourself and assume an authority /  OPEN>> and tone of arrogance unbecoming your Situation— /  OPEN>> It is not fair acting for a player to presume to publish /  OPEN>> an opinion on the merits of a piece before it is perform'd /  OPEN>> it is a consumate piece of ignorance and /  OPEN>> an insult to the Public—
The Cherokee Tragedy
Cons *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . From his pocket hangs a paper headed  OPEN>> Chandler Shop Acct Roll . . . 1/2d
That wonderfull and astonishing transcendant Genius Mr Kean has again delighted & petrified the audience by his powerfull delineation of Brutus & last night made such a vast addition to his histrionic fame that his enthusiastic admirers rose up with a simultaneous motion waving hats handkerchiefs & sticks in hysterical fits of rapture.
Mr K—n was so GREAT in the DWARF of Naples, that description is beggar'd & the poverty of all human languages made palpable in not affording terms to convey the very smallest particle of an idea of his supernaturel Genius *BRACKETED* .
That prodigy of an Actor Mr K— will shortly appear in a New Character as the Bully in—"Bug-Bears for poor Authors.
Hark thee, Fellow /  OPEN>> How art thou call'd / Brutus—A FOOL!!! / Brutus, Act 1st Scene 3d
Humble hints offered to the Public by ye Author E. S. Oct. 22 1803 being a supplement to Dr Latham
Every Gentleman therefore should wear a flannel under waistcoat with sleeves having a Collar buttoning round the neck and skirts long enough not to be incommodious: he should also have flannel drawers & woollen stockings, & be provided either with a Cloth Cap or what is called a Welch wig *BRACKETED* &&&cc. Vid Lathams Med: Advice to Volunteers. Courier. Oct. 15.
Liberty
If liberty alone could give the flow'r..
cits
To Hornsey Wood
Ball. . Powder & Shot
And Clarke said unto Felix. Thou art the Man— behold the Furniture! and Felix Trembled
Good People of the United Kingdom suspend your judgement for the present till I get this woman placed in the pillory—I never did any thing naughty with her no more than the child unborn—it was all for the good of my Country I assure you I am as firm a patriot as ever purchased a convex Mirror *BRACKETED* , or a red turkey Carpet
Ratifie
cit
Edinbro Review
School | for | Grown Children | Birchbroom | Master.
Ah Master Birch, this Steward of mine gives me much uneasiness—His Military spirit is so ready to take fire—a little while ago, he quarrelled with a rash young fellow, one Winchelsea, placing his own life and my affairs *BRACKETED* , in great jeopardy.—Now he has got into a Law suit with a paltry Printer & a fanatical Parson, because they have written some d—n'd nonsense about him, which nobody believes—I wish Mr Schoolmaster you would read him a bit of a Lecture upon these follies
Gazette—Sussex— Ranger of Windsor Forest— Cumberland Lodge &c &c
6d
Never mind if they dare grumble I will suspend the Habeus curpus *BRACKETED* ! and have another Green Bag *BRACKETED* .
What not only rob me of my last Shilling but take the Beer from my mouth, there will be a day when I will pay you in your own Coin.
Yes and I would take the Blood from your veins if I could get any thing for it,—are you not my Slave and dare you say a word to it for look at the Army!!!
Cannon
Aye, Aye, never fear we will keep him down and the best way is to keep him poor—or he will be too Strong for us.
O we are ruin'd, if you take the little Tea, Coffee, &c, that we have left, why not take it from the Rich? we are starving already!!!
War
Poverty
Famine
Poison
Pestelence
Take from the Rich you fool why thay will not pass the Act if it touches them selves the Property tax for that.
Give me a bit of Bone Jackey, I am so hungry—
Wool Sack
I will have this and if they want clothes let them do as the Children of Isreal did to make Bricks.
Justice
Reynolds Ireland
List of Victims in Ireland
Blood Money
To Mr Reynolds
Don't you think my Lord that our friends, Castle & Oliver should be sent to Lisbon or somewhere as Consul Generals, or Envoys?
Can't you negotiate for some boroughs—
Oliver Leeds
Castle Spafields
Forged notes
An Oath to be Proposed to the distressed
Plan for the Attack on the Regents Carraige
Treasonable papers to be sliped into the pockets of some duped artisans
Plans for a General Row
Toast to be given in the Company of moderate men & then Swear they drank them
Every means to be taken to implicate Sr F. Burdett Ld Cochrane & —
Instructions for Entrapg the poor & needy
under santion *BRACKETED* of Government
Tricolord Flags &c &c for Spa Fields
A Waggon Load of Ammunition!!! Vide Mr Cannings Speech in ye House of Coms
Oh! Oh I have found out the Conspirators at last, poor Starving John is to be enslaved into Criminal acts & then the Projectors & perpetrators are brought forward as principal evidences! This is another Vaughan, Brock & Pelham business, and I suppose they are to be made Consuls too, the high road to Ld Castlereigh's particular favor—Canning travelled it.
Mon Grande Maitre bid a you read dat Monsieur.
Citizen first Consul Buonaparte presents Compliments and thanks to the Ladies and Gentlemen of Great Britain, who have honored him with their visits at Paris, and intends himself the pleasure of returning it in person, as soon as his arrangements for that purpose can be completed.
And let your Grand Master read that Mownseer.
John Bull does not rightly understand the Chief Consuls lingo - but supposes he means something about Invasion, therefore the said Bull deems it necessary to observe that if his Consular Highness, dares attempt to invade any Ladies or Gentlemen, on his coast he'll be damn'd if he don't sink him
Cits
To the Races
To the Race Ground
grounds
cit
Spring Blunderbusss on a new Construction - Planted in Various Paths of my Domain & whosown Trample Down or pull up the Shrubs in this Garden shall be Prosecuted - Deputy Dump
Mr Dumps Stables
The Parish Beadle
cad
Come be off no hangers behind out with you all. I let you see I represent the Aristocracy of the Parish
Thats right—master Beadle do your duty and clear the Parish of the Varment they been a pest ever since they have been here
Vell ve did all ve could to kick up a Row afore ve vent
New Excise Fetters for John Bull
At him! at him! Tally-ho, ho, ho.
New Excises intended upon Cyder, Flour, Hardware, Linnens, Woolens, Coals, Butchers Bakers Cheese-mo *BRACKETED* Fish, Water
Excise-Office
Kings
Excise
Liberty! Liberty! and no Excise! Huzza!
Billy Grenv *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , with a pen behind his ear, and  OPEN>> Dundas
Jenky
Sir Pepper
Sydney, Cam
Snap Dragon
Opposition
Ministry
why Major Semple's no more to be compar'd to this here Rascal than I am, to my Lord Kenyon or Buonapartè!
Mr Thos Ogle *BRACKETED* - by which Name he Married Two Wives
Vide - his Examinations before the Magistrates of Bow Street in Novr 1801
Merchant of Venice
Roopees
Shylock. My deeds upon my head, I crave the Law
Black as ten furies! Jacobite Miscreants
The very dregs of infamy
Terrible as Hell! Infernal Spawn
Damnation
Jacobite renegades
Fiends of Hell
Pimps Panders Parasites Devils
Be comforted, my dear Charles, let not the effusions of a Demoniac afflict you so severely! Live to be a comfort to your poor Sherry
Talk not to me of comfort the derision of the world thrown on my poor old master will break my heart
Monro! Monro!
Les Lis from Brussels to Paris
L
XVIII
Vive le Roi.
Vive le Roi.
Vive l'Empereur.
Vive l'Empereur.
Modern Athens
Sale
Here my Geordie pordie!—I'll sing you to sleepy peepy—and here's a plaything so pretty to make you wise and witty.
Windsor Castle
JACK ON A CRUISE A MISSEY IN YE OFFING
Slop
Old Dame
Ass's Milk
Mr. Fig
cit
EF
Pretty Dear Heart! what a Gulley *BRACKETED* . it has given the Tea Pot, she delights in a little mischief, I should not be surprised Mrs Fig if she was to make as much Noise in the World as her Namesake, and as the Poet says  OPEN>> like another Ellen fire another Troy
Troy indeed Mr Fig, I think your more likely to Fire the House, look where the red hot poker lays and see how the tea Kettle is boiling over!!
The Worlds End
Composing Draught for Miss Fig
The Parents partial fondness for a Child
Speech the first 1830
50000000
"Money is not scarce—There never was a period when Money was less wanted—I beg to observe that there is more money in circulation now than there ever was at any period
Ecce Homo
The Holy Catholic Faith
Twitcher
Boreas
Protestant Petitions for necessary uses
Middles *BRACKETED* Petitio *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Surrey Petition
Bientot les Bataves regneront sur les mers, et feront la loi à la glorieuse Albion!
Ezekiel
Treasury
Ah! what I've found you out, have I? Who arm'd the high Priests & the People? Who betray'd his Mas------
Ha! Ha! - poor Gunpowder's vexed! - He, He, He! - Shan't have the Bag I tell you, Old Goosetooth!
Catalogue of Pictures by Morl...
Illustrative Description
Pigs
Sketches from Nature by G. Morland
Bill
If we act in Union we'll soon bring it to our own level
OPEN>> I fear his exalted seat will turn his Head
; and O'Connell, saying,  OPEN>>   OPEN>> Ply the Bill well there Grey, audit will soon be all down
Question to be thought on this Evening How long may we be permitted to Think?
Rules to be observ'd | by | The Thinking Club | Chair to be taken at eight | To prevent any Member from | Letting his tongue run | Constitutional Muzzles | are sold at the door | That mum be the Order of the day | The President to signify the | subject to be thought on in | writing in a conspicuous Part of the room
to Banbury-cross
Hawkers & Pedlars
Tax on Retail Shops
Tax on Maids
Irish Propositions
Who, John Gilpin like, ran a greater Risk than he intended, and came home safe at last
The Rolliad
How, as he wander'd darkling o'er the plain, His reason drown'd in Jenkinson's champagne, A rustic's hand, but righteous fate withstood, Had shed a Premier's for a robber's blood.
Daddy J------n
To crush the Poor, and save the Rich,  OPEN>> For which he is the Man
Chatham's son
foreign fir
"To secret influence I owe  OPEN>> The power I possess:  OPEN>> 'Twas you that shew'd me the Back-Stairs,  OPEN>> And duty I profess.
foreign fir
"My Parent B----- *BRACKETED* whose Scottish mind,  OPEN>> No injury ere forgave,  OPEN>> Asserted once, and kept his word,  OPEN>> That London he'd enslave.
Oh! too bad
Tom Hickathrift \\ and the \\ Giants \\ a new Growlo Drama \\ with \\ Wittington \\ and his \\ Cat \\ a Pur-letta \\ in which a real \\ Cat and Mice \\ will be Introduced \\ - Due Notice will be given \\ of Mr Carlo's next \\ Performance.
Now I have got my head down Water I am determined to go on Swimmingly.
Carlo
The Caravan
Raw Materials for New Subjects
Dog-Matical Essays
Bark-shire Poems
Bones to Pick
You are a very good Dog Namesake - a very good Dog indeed - I wish you would Spin me a little Money thes hard times - it would be very acceptable.
Glass Slippers as good as New
Jack the Giant Killer
Goody Two Shoes
little Red Riding Hood
Tom Thumb
by the drumstick he died
Holla camrade—you not want so much covering de place be warm assez.
Hot Pea *BRACKETED* .... Day The French House
Ah I find de roast meat by Gar!
Diable you find some wine.
Sire ther is the higest *BRACKETED* Functionary we found in the place to welcome you to Moscow.
I am secretary to the Foundling Hospital I hope your Majesty will find Moscow warm enough.
Let that palace be blown up as they have begun I'll finish they shall remember Napoleon the Great.
Inquisition
Preliminaries
America
Glowing with spit *BRACKETED* on fire for fame I care not for other mens sorrow I'll ride over the Lady's thay don't know my name If thay do, I'll prove an Alibi to morrow.
Oh dear, Oh dear, I thought it was the Duke but It's the Devil in Ernest
* To be Troublesome in any place. Johnson
North
Wanted an Advowson
Gift of Miss Lucy Cooper
Gift of Alderman Gripus
Thine be the Diocese of all Moorfields Romano wav'd his Wig, & cry'd, Huzza! Simonio disappointed stalk'd away
Vite! Vite!! 7 Lits de Maitre—13— de Domestique—!!
Sein Excellenz ist nich zu haus—!!!
This Palace will lodge us well Sir Bergamot.
Written by Mr G. Nicks & Sung by Mr Emery
At last I was drawn up to town, Without in my pocket a farden But since I've earn'd many a crown, By the shop here, in sweet Common Garden
With a firm deep Root, to it's Native Soil it clings And despite of Storms or Vermin upward Springs Foster'd by Freedom's Race it Stands Alone Shoots Promised Fruit and hails the Rising Sun  OPEN>> Spreads forth it's Gems, the genial warmth to Share
And boldly trust *BRACKETED* it's Buds in open Air
Rambler's Magazine
Submit to my Royal Will
Declare me Independent and then ------
pot de chambre
Aha B--gre, Croyez vous échaper comme cà
Nous sommes tons Foutus
Parbleu Je sens tres fort la lanterne
Sens II lieu
Gallerie Pierre
M.T
PAY
Vivant Rex
No Money to be Returned
New Police
Home Department
Seats & Places to be had by Application to the Stage Manager *BRACKETED* —No improper persons admitted behind the Scenes.
Emancipation
Pay—dang it—so I do pay—I always did pay and pretty handsomely too—besides some of the Rogues about the house robbed me of my Watch *BRACKETED* & I don't see your new police *BRACKETED* are likely to recover it.
This Old Gentleman always pays for a peep at the perpormance *BRACKETED* —used to go into the Boxes then had a Pitt Ticket which he lost—goes now to the Gallery and is often obliged to sit on the stairs quite in the dark—after having paid his Money
Glorious News from the Expedition!!!
Aye—Aye that there's him I knows him by his Woice. Success to the Expedition—King. Kox. and Kurtis, for ever I says Huzza
Imperial Throne
If! you have one Spark of Courage left! take this.
Perhaps I may if you'll take the flint out.
Imperiel Crow
Brimstone
A Triti *BRACKETED* —on the Itch! by Doctor Scratch
Discord
He has a Tongue that shall Weedle with any Devil
Sure in forming thee, this Devil takes unusual Care As its own Darling he Designs the Eare, And forms thee, by the Prince of Darkness.
I be come to pay you some money! but I cannot get Guineas for love nor money so you must take Bank Notes - why no person ever refused them before.
I tell you I will have Guineas, if I take Bank Notes I will have 20 pr Cent I like good profit.
Notice to Stoc . . .
Laws of Landlord & Tenant
Table of Interest
Lords Journals
I'll stop this Jewish business in my District.
I have put a compleat stop to it in mine.
Guineas
Leases
Annuities
Hostages
Empty Budget
Hat Stamp
cit
Now Mr Bull - am I a Petty Financer now? - No taxes for three years to come?? What do you think of that.
Think! why I think you are a D---d Clever fellow - I can scarcely believe my spectacles - Huzza - D---n the property Tax D----n the House-window Tax. D---n all the Taxes. what do they signify - I do wrong to swear - but I am overjoyed I can't help it - no taxes for three years to come Huzza
The Pit prepared for others
One String Jack
Deliver your Property
I will not be Robbed.
I shall be wounded with you
I am blinded
I give you that man's money for my use
Te Deum
Accomplices
The French Roman Catholick Town of Quebeck
The English Protestant Town of Boston
Opposition-Hot-Bed
I really wonder how such a Fungus as you, ever attempted to place yourself in that gay Parterre - that exquisite Bed of Roses as it once was - but now perfectly contaminated.
Never mind him my little Mushroom, stay where you are - he only wants to be transplanted - I am an Old Gardener and know a thing or two!!
Broad Bottom'd Watering Pot
Vive Mahomet Qui protegoit les Sciences
Projet pour Bruler la Mecque
Le Ciel Revolutionné ou les Constellations Sans-culottisés
Tone
Louvet Opium
Romme
Roland
Savary
Projet pour rendre les Hommes Immortels
Ebauche d'un Systeme de Législation pour une Colonie d Anthropophages
Traité sur la Guillotine par un Théophilanthrope
Sur le Reedification de la Tour de Babel
Encyclopédie Edit: de Paris Vol: LX.
Tableau de Logarithms
Projet de Fraternisation avec les Bedouins
Le Contrat Social
La Diligence d'Abissynie
Les Ruines par le Cit: Volney
Traité sur la Velocité des Corps Descendans
Theorie de l'Aerostation
It appears by an Intercepted Letter from General Kleber, dated  OPEN>> Alexandria, 5 Frimaire, 7th Year of the Republic
Satirist
Come live with me & be my Love.
I must pledge my Love to support the pledges of my Love.
Drummond—Pawn Broker— NB Old Pieces taken in
Ah Whither my love Ah Whither Art thou gone *BRACKETED* .
Covent Garden Green House
What company has my inexperience got into.
Hit or Miss
Bang up & prime.
melodramatic opera
The Exile
Going to Gallivant— D—d bad management.
He had better marry a widow, better marry than burn.
I wonder for my part how women can do such things.
No such doings in Yorkshire.
Tom Thumb
Oh, Shocking!!
Monstrous
Stranger *BRACKETED* Ireland
Quoting made Easy / Hamlet Hamlet
Complete Cutter
Stranger, ... rations, Ireland, Dublin, Currans
Old Nick
Project for Travesting the Bible
Voila Du Bois pour nourrir le feu des Enfers
Booksellers Poultry
Zinziber Radix Mea
Mangling Done Here
Freedom of the Butchers Company
Do Sir, assist me, I have no other dependence I assure you on my Honor I am no Wig.
Sir I believe you!—I cannot say anything you must apply to my Friends.
To Prostitution
To Poverty
The Boy knows as little of Trade as he does of Maids or he would forbear to run us down with Taxes;
Pepper
Junto
Joint Ty Curs
Chicken
White Bear
Limbs
Jowler
We'll be no longer Teased and Tormented
Aristocracy
Away with Medium between Rich and Poor, By G-d we'll ancient Vassalage restore
Thus the stubborn Youth goads me to the Heart Himself, as yet, unconscious of the smart.
The Way to Keep him \\ with \\ Lock & Key.
An excellent comedian in Staffordshire had played the part of Risk, in Love Laughs at Locksmiths
The Bailiff. - Tune -  OPEN>> Miss Bailey.
O! the bailey, the shoulder-tapping bailey! &c
—fought with unabated vigour for nine rounds & yet undecided Oct. 6 1809
Plumers Syrup
Plum Cordi *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . They are the members of the Committee asked to report on the accounts of the theatre, to justify slight increase in prices.  OPEN>> Old Price
British Compound
I say Master Jack I shan't allow so many bottle-holders with them there cordials. in their hands, come stand up Old Boy!
I will! I will Johnny but he hits cursed hard
Lay on Old Price, we're strip't in buff And d—'d be he that first cries hold enough!
we'll keep up his Spirits Johnny
look at this Johnny
Produce of Six Years Interest
That last blow on the Knowledge Box has done poor Old Price over!
Aye—but there is four desperate ones in the Pit of his stomach that sickens him confoundedly
Old Price
Who woul'd have thougt that Old fellow had so much bottom
Look at his bottle-holder there's bottom enough there
Dutch light Horse
Friars Balsam
Aqua Regis
Munificence
The fall of Manna
The Triumph of Benevolence
The Man of Ross
D.N.B.
Epicurus
Life of Old Elwes
Dr Cheyne on the benefits of a Spare Diet
Essay on the dearness of Provisions
Table of Interest, 5 pr Cent. 5 Million . . . 250,000
Parting of the Loaves & Fishes
Reform Bill
There will shortly be a total eclipse What a beautiful silver Grey there is over the Moon
Look how red and angry the Sun looks
How glorious
Gt Ormond Street
Perditi
The Consultation
Says F--t------k to Fox,  OPEN>> Oh how can we ate! By Jasus you know we have both pawn'd our plate?
We can have one good meal, By filching from Thurlow his boasted Great Seal.
Westminster Election
Learned Pig
Walk in, walk in, Gentlemen! How to save your Bacon
will shew the most surprising Feats of Knowledge - He will *BRACKETED* Explain many Passages in the Cavalry & other late Acts of Parliament - The like before never having been even attempted in these our realms!!!
Quicquid delirant Reges plectuntur Achivi: Great & Extraordinary News. Lately arrived at Leeds, in Opposition to Messrs Fox & Sheridan's Company of Strollers - Billy Pitts Company of Puppets, under the Patronage of the Recorder &c &c &c. They are much superior to the Rival Company: - whose Talents are merely capable of acting one Part whereas These wonderful Puppets are able & willing to act any Part, - which will be shewn for the Amusement of the Town in a surprising number of excellent Farces, - Between every Act, God save the King, in full Chorus NB: No expence has been spared - The principal Scenes being all made of Broad Cloth - Vivat, Rex.
N° 1
No Admittance!
Bill for Relief of Rom. . . .
Legal Arguments
Misther Speaker, I have come, on the part of the people of Ireland, to claim my sate in the House as Mimber for Clare. These are my arguments in support of it.
Arrah, y er honor's rivirince can't refuse the gintleman, for by my sowl! his arguments are weighty enough!!
Cad
Tenth Report
Pay-Master: This famous Animal was bred by Scotch Harry and has put some thousands into his Masters pockett he lost his last by running out of the Course and stumbling on a Bank *BRACKETED* , by which means his oponent Patriot *BRACKETED* he has carried off a Number of John Bulls Subscription Plates, tho he has been accused of Jostling and crossing it is supposed he will not recover from his last accident, and will not attemp running any more in public.
Get An! Get An! Paymaster, Wan we get the other side the Tweed we'll devede the Siller - and the Deel tak that D------d Report and the Makers O it
Siller
Act of Parliament
Speculation
Tweed
------ Castle
LF
The Macaroni and Theatrical Magazine
Confusion, and Destruction what is this I see? did not I command you not to return till you had spread your wing of Victory over the whole Spanish Nation.
Aye its fine talking Nap, but if you had been there you would not much have liked it, the Spanish Cormorants pursued me in such a manner that they not only disabled one of my legs but set me a moulting in such a terrible way that I wonder I had not lost every feather, besides it got so hot that I could not bear it any longer.
so help me god
Trifler
Microcosm
Mon 50 G.
O Yes! If any of the relations, or next of kin, of one Mr Guinea, who about the year 1800 was much seen in England, and is supposed to be an Englishman. will give information where he can be met with, they will be handsomely rewarded, on application to Mr John Bull, Growling-Lane. opposite Thread-needle-street—A proportionate reward will be given for information relative to his son, Mr Half Guinea; or his grandson, Young Seven Shilling Piece. Papers innumerable have been issued in consequence of their disappearance, but all in vain; and they are believed by many persons to have left the kingdom; though others shrewdly suspect they lie hid somewhere in the country, waiting for more favourable times before they dare make their appearance; as they have reason to suppose they would instantly be tken up *BRACKETED* and put in close confinement— Their sudden disappearance is particularly to be regretted, as they were in great favour with the people, and enjoyed even the King's Countenance, to such a degree that they actually bore the Royal Arms.—Notwithstanding they are persons of real worth, yet it must be confessed that by getting occasionally into bad company, they have lost some little of their weight in society; yet if they will return all faults will be forgiven; no questions will be asked; but they may depend upon being recieved with open arms by their disconsolate friends, who by this temporary separation have learnt how to appreciate their sterling worth.—they resemble each other very closely, and may very easily be known by their round faces, and by their complexion which is of a bright yellow; for though they, it is true, were born and acquired their polish and insinuating manner in London; yet it is well ascertained, that the family originaly came, and derived their name, from the coast of Guinea, a place too well known in Liverpool to require any discription.— God save the King.
Mercy on us how shocking.
Oh! you have recieved your Dividend
Yes but it is all in Papers still!!
Oracle Puff p ..
Morning Chronicle Puff Puff Puff
Morning Herald Puff
Courier
Times
Honor? Reputation? a mere Bubble! - will the praises of posterity charm my bones in the Grave? -  OPEN>> psha! - my present \\  OPEN>> purpose is all! - O, Gold! Gold! for thee, I would sell my native Spain, as freely as I would plunder Peru
Game of the Goose
An Irish-man came late unto an Inn, And ask'd the Maid what Meat there was within.  OPEN>> Cow-heels,
and a Breast of Mutton.  OPEN>> Then
as I'm no glutton, Either of these will serve; to night the Breast, The Heels i
-"for the Devil could quote Scripture-he was up to that.
Adversity or Tears of Britannia
Lousiad &c.
*BRACKETED* upon Ode
The Rousillon
Britons now is the time to avenge your country's wrongs
A Representation of the cruel treatment Captain M'Donald received on board the Spanish Frigate, Rousillon. Commanded by Don Francisco Vidal Augt 5 1790 who after having been detained all night without any reason was placed upon his back along the Deck and part of his Neck and Shoulders confined between two logs of wood for near four hours, the upper one bearing hard on his breast would have endangered his life had not some of the Crew forced a wedge in. For Particulars see the Newspapers
*BRACKETED* going on Monthly Visits to Windsor! as Appointed by ****** *BRACKETED* having only the small sum of Ten Thousand Pounds Per Year granted for that Arduous task, has wisely procured a Pedestrian Hobby Horse.—
To Windsor
Oatlands
Every Man has his Hobby Horse mine is worth Ten Thousand!!!
A Planters Daughter.
A French Countess
A Widow.
A Prisoner
A Loose Fish.
Barras's Mistress
A Generals Lady.
An Empress
I am resolved to have a P------t *BRACKETED* of my own Chusing see therefore that you Vote as I have Commanded
Thus are we Driven to Vote for Hood & Wray Our Tongues say Yes but our hearts say nay
The Vistula
The Bug
Hic Jacet - Snug - in the Bug - several thousand of the Great Nation.
Hush a bye! Hush a bye! take it all quietly - you'll soon find yourself as Snug as a Bug in a Rugg
Oh D----n the bug. I wish I had never seen it. My Dear Talley - dont tell my faithfull subjects the true state of my Situation - any thing but the truth my Dear Tally. Oh this cursed Russian Bear how close he hug me.
Leave me alone for a Bulletin.
7,000 Prisoners, 3000 drowned, 12 Eagles taken, 6,000 *BRACKETED* Killed.
For Paris Grand Bulletin The august Emperor of the great Nation, informs his faithfull and beloved Subjects, that having performed Wonders on the banks of the Bug. he has now closed a glorious campaign for the season, and retired with Ease and Comfort into Winter Quarters -  OPEN>> . He wears a mitre, bag-wig, a gown over his suit kilted up by a girdle from which swings a rosary and an ink-pot resembling a bowl for holy water. His r. leg has a bowed shin, and his shoe is raised on blocks. On the ground by the bear are Napoleon s large bicorne and sword. Behind *BRACKETED* is part of the façade of a  OPEN>> State Prison
Prisoners of War.
What, these, eh? you do'nt say-so.—
Aye! orderd *BRACKETED* from Head Quarters!!
The Easy Shaving Shop
Shaving Shop
"The Dukes of S . . . . x. and C . . . . . . . .d have been the first to shew their respect for his M . . . . . ys wishes by getting rid of their Moustachio's
King
Lords
Commons
England, with all thy faults, I love thee still . . .
I had been happy, if the Gen'ral Camp Foot-soldiers, all, had pull'd my Nose in private, So it had not been told; O, now for ever Farewell the Plumed Troops & the big War, The spirit-stirring Drum & the ear piercing fife, The Royal Banner & all quality, Pride, Pomp, & Circumstance of glorious War Farewell! Your Hero's reputations gone!
O my dear shiv'ring L. .. . x *BRACKETED* ! do compose yourself, for the sake of your dear Charlotte! Ah! that hot-blooded-fellow has fright'ned him into an Ague - come do take a sniff at your Charlotte's smelling-bottle, the Bonny Duchess says that my smelling Bottle is a nice Thing to raise a Man's courage, I long for you to take hold of it, my dear L ... x. *BRACKETED* Richmond says,  OPEN>> Don't fret yourself my dear Nephew, *BRACKETED* you have behaved like a Man of Spirit & Honor; - your putting up with a public Insult when you could have resented it, shews your magnanimity! your pretending not to remember the words of the insult, shews your harmless disposition! - your Letters to the Club, your good-sense! - their being sent a week before the Duel, your want of malice! as it gave his Highness's friends an opportunity to secure him from your resentment, by putting you under arrest! - your firing first, proves your spirit! - your not waiting to be shot at, your discretion! - & your being satisfied with only attempting the life of the son of your **** proves your Loyalty, & generosity! - therefore, my dear Boy, take comfort, get the better of this Ague, which you are thrown into by pulling the trigger, &, if you are kick'd out of one Regiment, Nunkle will beg another for you, as a reward for your Gallantry & good-will to the house of Hanover!!!
Heav'ns L . . . x *BRACKETED* what's the matter? I hope you've succeeded in lessening the number of my Plagues
Jack
from de coast of Guinea
Christian Massa
actor man so gay
Happy she and I - live among our betters, To heaven go when die - if Buckra-man will let us. Ri fol lol. &c
Thompson and Peron
Gin and Bitter
Devil's Delight
Blue Flames very cheap
Monthly Meteor
Veil of Infamy
Memorantda of Infamy
Monthly Meteor
Rage
Lies
Vulgar
Abuse
Envy
Lies
Disappointment
Malice
Jacobin's Extinguisher
Cobbetts Register 1802 - Sr F Burdett a Seditious Demagogue, Mr Pitt a God, Horne Tooke a Devil, Loyalty, England Happy
Monthly Meteor
Cobbetts Register 1807 - Sr F Burdett a God. Mr Pitt a Devil. Horne Tooke an Angel. Sedition England at her last Gasp.
Instructions from Lord Edward Fitzgerald
Here's my consent, so shew her your Credentials and the Job's done.
Royal assent to the Marriage & for a Marriage & for a Settlement In-tail
Full powers for the connexion of Prince Leopold with the house of Hanover
Fortune has not made me Rich, but I have one thing Madam that may recommend me to your favor, a faithfull heart, which has inclined me to forsake my own Country that I might enjoy the felicity of spending with you the remainder of my days.
Marriage Contract
Outfit 60,000
Grant from Parliament 60,000 Pr An
Go & take him my Dear!—Dont be afraid of him tho' he is so terrible large!
Bless me he is Two Yards Long.
A Recipe for A Dashing Patriot!!! or an assisting Spadeful, to cover Putrescence
March 27, 1818
—Drawn & Etchd
least of all: the reform, such could bring us
"Folly of Loyalty in the Middling Classes
O! by all means—give him rope enough, & he'll —.
Poor Poor Comn Place
Wishy Wash
Libelous Petitions from Manchester—Palace Yard Resolutions
On Sisi—on!
Come down—do come down.
No Sisiphus, another 150 Trials first
Wellington. Portugal Spain Pyrenees & Waterloo.
Boxiana
Jackson
Moline *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* and  OPEN>> Belcher
Crib
Dutch Sam
Game Chickens
I'll teach you to send challenges, a few stripes a la Nile *BRACKETED* - will soon bring you to a right understanding Master Paulo
He will require a little drilling I percieve - , but I dont fear to make him tractable yet
Please your Honors - I can manage this fellow myself the Devils in it, if one Jack Tar cannot tame such a little Bear as this - hold your bawling and be d-d to you or I'll make you dance to the tune of Hearts of Oak.
Middle = sex
Brent = ford
Justice
Zeal
Honour
To Messrs Harris and Kemble London
I never had such a troublesome Cargo, in all my born days—they will sartainly kill one another before they reach the Tropolis,—I'm dang'd but I do think the old Mare has a mind to turn Actor, she cocks her ears in such a wild manner.
Cock for Hamlet
For Mother Goose
Now Villain shall I cut thy throat or thou mine
My Arm a nobler Victory ne'er gain'd.
Whip me, ye Devils Blow me about in Winds, roast me in Sulphur Wash me in steep down gulphs of liquid fire.
Be thou a Spirit of Health, or goblin dam'nd! Brings with thee airs from Heaven, or Blasts from Hell—.
Of one or both of us the time is come
Can I have peace with thee? Impossible! First Heaven and Hell shall join; they only differ more.
Turn Hell Hound Turn!,
I will not Fight thee
Dedicated to the Archbishop of Carlile-!!!
No Christianity!!!—No Religion!!!—No King!!!—No Lords! No Commons!—No Laws! Nothing but Tom Paine & Universal Suffrage!!!
Bill of Rights, Magna Chart *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , a crown, sceptre, mitres, crosier, and books among which are a  OPEN>> Holy Bible
Prayer Book
The Law
Here's your Works!!! !!!
Golden Calf
Ha! ha! ha!—ha! ha! ha—.
Huzza
Hurra.
Ich Dien
Touch him about the Lights brother Charley - I'll warrant he'll be glad to commute with you - and I'll cool Master Pepper
I shall never be able to knock down that King Pin
Knock down, the Scotch corner pin, and you'll tip all nine.
Landed Interest For M *BRACKETED* x at Brookes's By the Carrier from St Alban's
To Pitt by Friendship I am tied Yet always with his Foes divide Wou'd make this Son of England's Glory A creature neither Whig nor Tory Wou'd have him quit his high Condition, To grovel in a Coalition, Perswade him that a Tavern Vote Shou'd make a Premier change his Note *BRACKETED* Thus make this persevering Elf As inconsistent as myself
Satirist
Ha, ha, ha,
Oh!!!!!
Nice Moon
A Tail of Mistery
Regular Dramas Congreve Beaumont and Fletcher Colman
Shakespear's Works
The Caravan
Wood Daemon
Road to Ruin
Sleeping Beauty
Hunter of the Alps
Keep your Seat Sirs!!
Royal Salloon Taylor Riding to Brentford by Mr My--ars being his first apearance in that Character Tumbling Vaulting &c &c.
Oh! My ars - My ars.
what, I suppose you thinks to frighten me by going backwards.
come up Neddy
Cowlings Stables Horses Broke
Lexden
When the Fancy-stirring Bowl
This Object is a wondrous Thing, In common Sense's Spite, Sir; He'll wheel you thro
Gynomachia; or, a Contest between two old Ladies, in the Service of a celebrated Orator
Sublime & Beautiful
Prest Disconte *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The words spoken are engraved beneath the design:  OPEN>> To One Master, my Lord we two Women belong, Whom I strive to lead right, and she strives to lead wrong, Edmund Burke's Moral Conscience, my Lord is my Name, His Political Conscience, is she to her shame.
List of Performers wanting engagements H—n, B—m, T—y &c &c &c &c &c &c &c &c &c. &—
"let those that play my Clowns speak no more than is set down for them *BRACKETED* —make no mistakes it is time for me to ring for a rehearsal of the Cabinet.
None could hold the Book so well—to prompt—and instruct this Stage play. Vide Bacon
Hence, horrible shadow! /Unreal Mockery hence!
Art of Pimping by L. T
what a while they are filling their Belly's.
Lord N.... TH
My D *BRACKETED* Ld *BRACKETED* Pol------cal Con *BRACKETED* t h *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* only made a *BRACKETED* Noise upon *BRACKETED* th *BRACKETED* has set *BRACKETED* Hell in an upr *BRACKETED* . T *BRACKETED* s hardly a S *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* in the *BRACKETED* , and we have a good *BRACKETED* y of them, but *BRACKETED* upon it *BRACKETED* uni *BRACKETED* . The o *BRACKETED* ing of *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* Budget w *BRACKETED* in m *BRACKETED* o *BRACKETED* a *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* may easily *BRACKETED* over with the Old Phrase Pro Bono Publico. No *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* stig *BRACKETED* ize *BRACKETED* L------d *BRACKETED* as a griping *BRACKETED* nor *BRACKETED* any *BRACKETED* say *BRACKETED* ve in this Point laid a t *BRACKETED* on the Bowels of the Poor. T *BRACKETED* are sever *BRACKETED* Articles m *BRACKETED* L--d in the Way of Eating *BRACKETED* might illustrate *BRACKETED* Good Will *BRACKETED* the public, the quant *BRACKETED* ty of Meat *BRACKETED* is Consumed by the Common *BRACKETED* Is the Occasion of t *BRACKETED* scorbutic or Scurvy Di *BRACKETED* er *BRACKETED* affects the English Constitution. T *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* an Xcise laid upon flesh of *BRACKETED* sorts would *BRACKETED* the best *BRACKETED* iscorbutic in the Whole Materia Medica and *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* L--d *BRACKETED* is *BRACKETED* very *BRACKETED* nally Inclined *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* t doubt *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* will shortly b *BRACKETED* such a *BRACKETED* in *BRACKETED* Parlia *BRACKETED* t. *BRACKETED* and .F *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* my L--d are of a very viscid Nat *BRACKETED* and are apt to enrich the Blood of such *BRACKETED* ought *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* kept low, a T *BRACKETED* on these Sorts of Food Would in *BRACKETED* p *BRACKETED* rly dilute & thin the Corpore *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* s *BRACKETED* and the Common *BRACKETED* would *BRACKETED* t *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* so *BRACKETED* cy *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* oppose the Measures of t *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* and per *BRACKETED* in power *BRACKETED* so a Smart dut *BRACKETED* on Bread *BRACKETED* k Sm *BRACKETED* Beer, *BRACKETED* &c. For wh *BRACKETED* should the Vulgar have any Thing *BRACKETED* Eat *BRACKETED* Grass Without paying Tri *BRACKETED* . *BRACKETED* Constant Friend & Ally BELZEBUB. Pandemonim *BRACKETED* June 23th 1779
Honi soit qui mal y pense
Description, From the Royal Bull Fight of 1795 Then enter'd a Bull of the true British Breed, who appear'd to be extremely peaceable 'till oppos'd by a Desperado, mounted upon a White Horse, who by numberless Wounds provok'd the Animal to the utmost pitch of Fury, when collecting all its strength into one dreadful effort, & darting upon its opponent, destroy d both Horse & Rider in a Moment
St Stephens
Borough-Bridge
Public Money
Church preferment
Pension or Pensions
Places
Livings
Living
Colonies
Civil Offices
Contracts
Sinecure
Govert Contracts
Jobs
Public Works
New Pallace Jobs
Commission
Waste Tub
Tax Eaters
£100.000
£40000
£50,000
Commission
Living
The System works well—"Why should it be altered?!!
We want no Reform—nothing can be better than the present System—why  OPEN>> not let well alone?!!
We are indebted to this System for all the Blessings we enjoy!!!
We must defend, Our Glorious Constitution!!
St Stephens
the System
Appleby
Bedwin
Callington
Corfe Castle
Dunwich
Eye
Fowey
Gatton
Hedon
Looe
Midhurst
Newport
Orford
Plymton
Queenborough
Romney
St Maws
Old Sarum
Tregony
Winchelsea
Yarmouth
English print
1665
Bond Street
Writ
The Immortal William Pitt, Earl of Chatham obscured in Clouds
The Bust of the Son of the Immortal Chatham deservedly crowned with Laurels
Dutch Frogs smoking their pipes in safety
French Monkies in attitudes of derision
cit
John Bull—somewhat gloomy but for what it is difficult to guess after so glorious an achievement
A British Seaman in the Dumps
The Motto. Great Chatham with One hundred thousand Men, To Flushing saild—and then saild back again!!
GLORY
A Flying View, of the return of the Expedition. / O Tempore! O Mores!!
Subject—Mr Wilkie's interesting Picture entitled  OPEN>> Calabrian Minstrels playing to the Madonna.
Entire
O---h! you've brought your Pigs to a fine Market!
Surrey Commission
Burn Justice
Reform
Times
Chronicle
Sun
Herald
Cobbet
Examiner
Globe
Courier
Requesting the favour of an early Poll.
Vide. An Afternoon Nap, after the Fatigues of an Official Dinner.
Port
Madeira
Defence of the Country. Mr Speaker.
aaaa, ccccc, iiiii *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . At the end:  OPEN>> Nine Hours & a half long
Air by Catalani
Secret Correspondence from Copenhagen
Treasury
Bill of Fare - 1st Course Loaves & Fishes - 2d Course Loaves & Fishes *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Empty bottles are scattered about. Clouds rise from Canning's head and float above the other sleepers, supporting their vision, which, framed in clouds, fills the upper part of the design. Britannia rides in a triumphal car shaped like a boat with the British Lion as figure-head. She holds a trident and an olive branch. Behind the car, chained to the axles, walks a dejected Napoleon. Behind him is a huge polar bear *BRACKETED* , muzzled, and on a chain. Last come three captive sovereigns, some of the  OPEN>> gingerbread kings
Britannia rules the World
France
Volunteers, 200000 Seamen, 150000 Regulars, Militia
Resources for supporting the War
I say my dear!
cit
One Mile from..
Constitution Liberty Peace Œconomy
York Decr 30th 1779
Ct Kal 1779, Ct Kal 1780
Royal Kalendar
Hist. of England, *BRACKETED* Bacon, Lydney *BRACKETED* , Newton, Lock
Partiat Cont *BRACKETED* M.S. &A
Unmeri *BRACKETED* Pentio *BRACKETED* , Sinecures
Magna Charter
Bill of Rights
Navy Extra *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ;  OPEN>> Army Extr.
Board of Trade
Board of Works
Customs Qys N.B. x
Ordnance Qys NB. xx
Magna Charter
Short Par *BRACKETED* , Equal Rep *BRACKETED* Ballot
Chat *BRACKETED* Cam *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; Liberty, with the cap of liberty on a staff, holds out  OPEN>> Hab. Cor. Attachm. Inform, ex officio
£10,000,000
Exports Protection Dispatch
Taxes
Nekar
the just disappointment of french perfidy
Ney
Labedeyre
Wake! drowsy Sluggard wake & see  OPEN>> The Lilly yeilding to the active Bee  OPEN>> Hear Europe cry with one indignant voice  OPEN>> The People's sovereign is the people's choice!!
Heartwell
Compagnons de Lys
The Cause of Legitimate Tyranny Supported by British blood & Treasure, or Louis & Ferdinand for Ever.
Recal of the Emigrants.
Petitions from Madams Ney Labedeyre & Lavellette for the lives of their Husbands—Rejected.
Perpetual banishment of the Revolutionests.
Persecution of the Protestants by the Catholics!! of France.
Arrest & imprisonment of Sir R, Wilson & other English Subjects or Gallic gratitude for British Generosity
Belt of Chastity
No Breeches Restrictions you cold blooded Son of a B------.
Arrah blood a nouns, my Lord, did you ever hear of such a restriction before!
No, by my soul, my jewel, nor behind
Subsidy
N° 11.....
I Promise to pay to Thos Plunder Puffwell Esqr \\ or Bearer, One Penny, when Lottery Insurance shall have ceased, \\ and when the Morocco-men & those Infamous Leeches their Masters, shall have \\ been, by aid of the Gallows, deprived of the means of robbing the humble \\ table of a meal, or driving Poverty-stricken Credulity into Despair & Suicide. \\ London, the 14th day of June *BRACKETED* . \\ For Self, Fool, and Dupe, *BRACKETED* Susan Nosmock. \\ 1 Penny \\ ONE \\ Entd Tabby Allrags.
A Pickpocket is a Thief.
A Lottery Insurer, is, a Pick-Pocket; \\ Ergo, A Lottery Insurer is a Thief. \\ Consequently A Villain & A Vagabond. \\ Shun him as you would Death
Is this usage, Sire, for the Representative of Majesty ? You might as well have sent me to govern a Madhouse!
Let not your noble spirit be cast down. Your gracious Master shall revenge this insult.
My second self in this pickle! Wild Irish indeed! But my Military Hounds will soon run the frantic Devils down.
His Plumage does not seem to sit easy on him, Charley
I honor the People for their spirit; it will teach him to keep a civil tongue in his head
Sire, I have done my Duty & at your Royal Feet, I lay the Scourge of these Destroyers
This Fellow must be recalled, he fights too well for us - & I have obligations to Pigot, for he has lost 17000 at my Faro Bank
This is the very Ship I ought to have taken on the 27th of July
Ville
Ville de Paris
-r
G.R.
A Section of a Magnificient & Superb Water Closet, with an exact front view qf a Little Personage bound up by excruciating evils endevouring by main force of straining & distortion to Irradicate & exterminate by laborious perseverance those hard bound racking & growing Evils that have for a long Series of time burnt up those interiors which are most Succeptable of pain. send him a good deliverance
American. . . .
Leopold II
Emigrant Tears, Emigrant Tears, Tears, Tears.
oh de Pauvre, Miserable Artois, Sans Amis, sans Argent, sans every ting
Arrah my Honey You might have staid to help us to turn over the D------d National Assembly, & to get our Estates, & then we could have done without your Assistance.
Tu-hu-hu goot got Almitash no Friends now for me oh! got dem.
Par bleu my Dear Friend Leopold, how could you Die and leave all these Poor Princes Dukes & Lord behind you
Oh My Dear Leopold, thus to leave a set of pauvres Jean foutres. Allez aux Enfers foutre, pourquoi was you to Die just now?
An Irish
Instructions for the Governor General
Lack of Rupees
Warehouse for unsaleable Goods from Europe NB: To be return'd by the next Ship
Leake's Pills
Surgeons Instruments
British-Manufacture
For the Amusement of Military Gentlemen. Crazy Tales
Pucelle
Birchini's Dance
Elements of Nature
Female Flagellants Fanny Hill
Sopha
Moral Tales
Mrs. Phillips *BRACKETED* Leicester Field London. For the use of the Supreme Council
1000
Come heres Success to Monopoly this is a fine Rellish
Gentlemen I propose that our worthy host shall have the first refusal of all our Contracts
Gentlemen the weight of your Obligations is more than I can Bear
Aye Aye never mind it the Young Boxing Butcher can help you
Agreed
I am for Consolidating all the Contracts into one & let him have that one
My Massy take care he no found out like Massy Hollond & come to de Workhouse like his Cozens
*BRACKETED* ellish
Red-Houses
Only fit for Contracts
or Book of King William the Fourth, by every Member of the Union
Well done, Old Grey! Bravo! Brougham, Russell and all my hearty Boys!! They are all gone at last Huzza!!!
A Jar of Pickled Borough Mongers
. . . I pray & beseech all you that gather together in the name of Union . . .
lesson from the *BRACKETED* of Rats, chiefly on the days of May
Nosey
Litany
From all Peculators and Boroughmongers, Good William, deliver us
Addled-egg
Nosey
Then for Bobby, that he will himself emegrate to Swan River
Hurrah! for the Bill of Reform.
We have shown to the people of France, | A more glorious day than their three.
Union
THE TOWER GUNS Suprise *BRACKETED* the first. John Bull and his wife are at supper. A plainly dressed manservant enters *BRACKETED* to say:  OPEN>> Law Sir if there isn't the big guns at the Tower going off!
The Tower Guns at this time of Night!  OPEN>> Extraordinary
William Duke of Cumberland
THE GAZETTE Suprise the Second
Extraordinary Gazette
Art. iv - The French Army shall carry with it all its Artillery of French calibre, with the Horses belonging to it, and the tumbrils supplied, with sixty rounds per gun, all oth...
What! carry away sixty Pounds a Man! why that ought to have been in the pocketts of our brave fellows! D - m me if I ever believe the Tower Guns again!!!
LOY . . .
Bellen *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; in his left hand is the stem of a long pipe which he smokes, scowling. In the smoke are the words  OPEN>> Damn τоν δεινα
"Fore tamen optandum est ut ad ultionem potius quam defensionem composita fiat Tabula
Oh my Dollars & Ducats D------n their Citizenship; A fellow here calls me Frere Citoyen and takes away all my Property
Gin
They may talk of the Coldness of this Country but by Gar here is the Warm Liqour for De inside & de Warm breeches for de out side
Dollars for the use of the National Convention
Aye Aye, Equality is the order of the Day la Liberté for the Carmagnoles.
I dont like this Equality business I wish we had not Invited theese Plundering Fellows here, I suppose they'll make use of my Frow next.
State Sauce Pan
Now John . you will enjoy yourself, fine rich soup I am making . don't you smell it
Why I can Smell a rat, master Cook, & I fancy the smell is all I'm likely to get—them Chaps in the pan seem to get all the thick of it. Voices rise from the pan: do you do any thing in the Coal way now *BRACKETED* ; nice and warm—very snua—how kind of Uncle Grey
There's been a D—d sight too much Chaffing about it
The old Building
Old House
Turn out those Robbers and repair the House
Public Credit
Funds
Protector
Coalition
Give me my Ease And do as you Please
To be Sold
The Lords
Prerogative of the Crown
ye two Lawyers
Magna Charta
Magna Charta
Sheridan Sheridan Sheridan dan Sheridan
Man of the People
Here's the Whore of Babylon the Devil and the Pope
The old Building
The accursed 10 years American War fomented by opposition and misconducted by a timid Minister
Tax
I fear you intend to add a Rider to the Bill
Only  OPEN>> to extract a little of the popular Venom
The fact is Ab—d—n the question is not where it was
An Infernal Council
Such is the Plan Now choose your Parts
Blasphemy Atheism & P-----st-----y *BRACKETED* are mine. I will assist B--r--g--n *BRACKETED* F-----zh------t *BRACKETED* & the Catholicks in their Bigotry & Ambition. And I Pr------e *BRACKETED* & such as are full of Disaffection & Treason
I will patronize L--ns--y *BRACKETED* Speciousness Low Cunning. &c. I will help K-----p------s *BRACKETED* &c. to furnish the press with suitable Trash. And I will be at hand to assist whenever I am Wanted.
A Nocturnal Council
A Republick is the best Form of Government
All religious Establishment is absurd, *BRACKETED* except Popery
And thus we will lay Gun Powder Grain by Grain till we blow up the Constitution
We must become Bad Citizens before they will grant us the Privileges of good Ones
We must propose a Test to the Candidates; Meanwhile we must send a Deputation to other Ministers
We must promise Fox our Support at the next general Election
disposition of grains of gunpowder
Letters to the rightev. Edward Burn
Parl. Hist.
An Arranged Catalogue of the several Publications . . .
Well affected to the cause of civil and religious liberty
Parl. Hist.
The Deputation Rejected
We plainly perceive that Popery and Infidelity will be the Result of your Measures - therefore - we will not join you.
A Future K-----g & Q------n at their Devotion
Lord now lettest thou thy Servant depart in peace . . for mine Eyes have seen thy Salvation.
The Mortifying Report
For the Repeal 105 Against It 294 Majority 189
It is our determination never to Rest until we enjoy Civil and Military Power
I am now resolved to try it in our House
Nothing will be done for us 'till some great Calamity again Alarm our fears, or some great abuse of Power provoke our Resentment
The Conversion of S--l--s D------n to Atheism was but an Introduction to what I intended to do on ye Repeal
having ruined himself and family, and deranged France and America with the charming words, Liberty, Constitution and Rights
Gent. Mag.
The Death bed Avowal of S--l--s D------e*
No God! who taught you that Doctrine?
Dr P------s-----y. *The Particulars of this awful & interesting Conversion to Atheism may be seen in a Pamphlet entitled Theodosius, & sold with or without the Print
Theodosius
Gent. Mag.
FINIS
Nocturnal Council
Come along most learned Doctor I have always led you by the Nose - so dont mind it now
I fear they will set H------l in an Uproar
How the Dogs Quarrel, they'll get to fighting soon
Here comes the precious Set, & a fine parcel of Divinity it is
They are such seditious Rascals, they will strive to overturn Our Government
Get along Joey 'tis too late to recant Now besides we love you too well to part with you
O! S-----s D------n! *BRACKETED* Oh Mercy! Pardon! I recant I recant
Dog! I'll ease my Tortures by tormenting You
Blasphemous Villain! Your Curs'd Sophistry brought me here.
Oh Conscience! Horror! - Miserable Wretch!
Oh H-----l! H------l! hide me from myself
Curse your Republican Cant - you have ruined the Cause
No - tis admitting ye Whore of Babilon into ye Confediracy have undone us
Say am I doomd to see Pic-Nic succeed, and my Paragraphs prove vain?
The Times The second Representation of the Pic Nic went off with great eclat
Hang . . . the Spy
Morning Post
True Briton
Courier
Morning Herald
Baron of Tol Tit Totum
The Wit's Magazine
The Wit's Magazine
With a sigh, or a squeak, or a grunt, or a groan— | The Spirit inspireth every one.
He who wont hear the Church | Let him live in the lurch | Be he ne'er fat or rich, | And die in a ditch!
To the Church who won't bow, | And kiss the Pope's toe, | On the Rack let him lie | And eternally fry!
In fire and brimstone ye howling shall lie! | For the world shall be ended— tomorrow—bye  OPEN>> n bye!
The Shiloah!!!
In Cap-on Stool— | Half knave—half fool!
Georges Dandin
Cordai
Assasin Paris
l'Admiral
Aimée Cecile Regnault
Le fameux Ministre Pitt aiguisant les Poignards avec lesquels il veut faire assassiner les défenseurs de la liberté des Peuples, le gros Georges Dandin toumant la roue et haletant de fatigue
Sung . . .
Slough of Taxation
my good friend those reptiles harass you sadly, shall I rid you of Them
you are quite right, but if those who are gorged are driven away, the next will be so Hungry, they won't Leave a drop of Blood, in my Veins¡¡¡
cit
Tax
Wool Tax
Malt
Tea Tax
Coffee Tax
Who the Devil would have thought of seeing you after I ve paid you so often well I see there is no Trusting any body.
Foetid Gas
Delightful!!
Vitriol
Long John's Rubbing Stable—TO LET. NB no more Asses Rubbed here for the Cause enquire of Messrs Vance, Brodie & Co
Cashin
Loyd
Coppings
This Cemetery being nearly full the Prices will be raised
D.I.O. *BRACKETED* , I'll give you the Long Trot
Coroners Warrant
vig
Droll
It's very hard these sort of men can't let a BODY be = O she loved a bold Dragoon with his long—&c &c
N° 5. The Embarkation
N° 6. The Action to be continued
water water
N° 1
N° 2
La Diligence
N° I
Martin MP
N° 2
Dromedary—-for Botany Bay
Well Gentlemen you're all d—d comfortable, I'm *BRACKETED* a devilish good mind to go, with you
Concerning; with regard to
That won't do, Sir . . .
Lombard Street. No 1
Gold
Gold
Plymouth market-day. N° 2
No notes taken
Lancer
Prussia
Germany
Italy
Denmark
Holland
Hanover
Swisserland
France
Spain
Portugal
He will put his foot in it
Away from my sight Peace, Thou art hatefull to me,.
We shall wade Through sea's of Blood after this.
A more expert hand at my Trade does not exist.
Elba
Oh Heartwell I sigh for thy Peacefull Shades
I am very sorry for His poor M—y. Ascot will be so dull this Year. But what if he should die!—O then there will be a Queen, and Court Balls—that would be delightful! well—I suppose we must submit to the will of Providence
Lady L—s Ball again postponed really this illness of His Majesty is a National Calamity—Tis pon my honor!
I always liked G—ge altho
What if should there be *BRACKETED* a change in the Ministry—then I must walk out—that would be very inconvenient at the present, I hope most sincerely His M—y wont die yet!
Nothing doing in the funds,, one does not know how to speculate, so hard to get accounts one can rely on
Accounts still doubtful! very bad for trade this—Business quite at a stand
There will be a dissolution of Parliament and I shall lose my Seat, and with it, all chance of Preferment Oh I pray God to preserve his M—y's life these many years
Reform
Reform
This is a Revolution Croak—Croak! Croak!
There's no Baring *BRACKETED* this I gave £40,000 for my Boro
Tellership of the Exchequer
Don't have a Reform Try a General Fast
Last Dying Speech or the Merry Moments of the Hon. Mem for Boro
Common Sense v Non Sense Sir C. W. for Deft
Corfe Castle
Specimen of one Sort of Tallent introduced by the Boro System
It's all owing to the Catholic Bill being carried
We shall not be able to do what we like with Our Own
This is not a Reform This is a Revolution
This is a Revolution Sir! This is Robberty Hoot hoot
You will destroy our Sacred institutions
You will destroy our Constitution
The Kings Crown is in Danger!!
No light
No Reform
Aye! I thought this Rotten Rubbish would make a fine Dust!
Well, Johnny, how do you like the State Rose? you see  OPEN>> I bear my smiling honours thick upon me
Dang it how foin you be, Charley! I called to see you in your Bed of Roses, but I see you carry your Bed upon your Back! thee beest a May Garland all over!
The Chronologist. No 6
Protest
Well well did the naughty Radicals throw mud in its face, & would not let it have all its own way, never mind then it shall be a King! dont cry then is it got a pain in its bowels
Bill of Rights
Habeas Corpus
Magna Charta
Hell broth
Hellebore
Black Drop
Bremstone *BRACKETED* & Treason, Gunpowder Tea
Johnny I am glad you're come - Your friend Paddy with you, he's as welcome as yourself. Come sit down I have got a Capital dinner for you, plenty of Herrings - broil'd sprats and Horse-beans, dont be bashful; didnt I tell you Paddy, you'd live with your Brother Johnny in Clover! & instead of Potatoes, here's Breadmade of Bran & Saw-dust - side - This will scour your Maws & cool your Hot-Blood.
Yes I have brought friend Paddy along with me - But dang it Measter I be so unused to good-things, that I am almost asheamed to rob you of your Luxeries, - however as you are so pressing I'll pick a bit.
Luxury for Billy.
Why now do you call this keeping your promise, didn't you tell me  OPEN>> twould be for the good of my Country we were united, what do you call Clover says I, why Roast-Beef & Pudding Pat, now didn't you say so - I see now if I don't ate this there's no other - Aside - Oh! if I had you in dear Ireland I'd feed you on Shelaly's & brick-bats
Here Lyeth the British Constitution | which after a rapid decline of ten years | Departed this World... 1841
I was well, | Wishing to be better; | Here I am
Sic transit gloria mundi
Church and State
Dry Rot
Public Opinion
Euclid
"The Earth hath Bubbles as the Water has.
Reform
Constitution
Terra Incognita
Superstition
Ignorance
Absolute Power
no faith to be keep with Heritick *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Two keys hang from his waist, and serpents writhe under his feet. Two sceptres lie across one another at his feet. Three sovereigns wearing crowns and ermine robes sit by him, their seats on the ground besides his dais: On his left the King of Spain holding a circular shield on which is a globe representing the world; his crown terminates in a fool's cap, very inapplicable to Charles III, *BRACKETED* but see the libel on the king of Spain quoted in Walpole,  OPEN>> Memoirs of the Reign of George III
Grande Alliance
Beast
Bible
Articles of the Catholic Faith
Pardons murder . . 10, Adultry 9, Robbery 8 Beating a Priest 12
Popish cruelty
Address
These Persecutions must be always remembered by Protestants
The Deel a ane o
150,000
the Way to Scotland
Gun Powder Plot; Massacre of the Protestants in Ireland; Fire of London 1666; Burning of Cranmer, Bradford &c. &c.
Magna Charta
Instructions Mynheer van. . .  OPEN>> . The upper box is inscribed  OPEN>> For the use of ye Catholics in Ireland
A T
For ye Propegating ye Holy Catholic Faith in Great Britain AD. 40
Monastery
They are a coming they are a coming *BRACKETED* deliver your Money your Jewels, cash, Plate, for they are a coming! a coming! give up the Rino to save your bacon.
Dispatch's for W-N *BRACKETED* -P
O dear must all our savings go to stop their mouths Billy! I can never part with my Jewels twill break my poor heart indeed it will Billy! O give me comfort or I shall faint.
Deliver your Money for I see they are a coming what fiery caps they wear! & then what long swords they have got! make haste & stop their mouths. Billy my boy.
R-Y-L SAVINGS
2,000,000
200,000
100 000
Here Billy! Here. Billy take this & stop their mouths with! dont cry charity, better give up some than Lose all us to save our bacon
The Only Booth in the Fair
To be seen here alive \\ The Noted \\ Boney-Part \\ from Egypt \\ an Undoubted Likeness
Boney
he is certainly taken I never was so pleased at any event in the whole course of my Life
John Bull Humbug'd
Believe me I do not mean to decieve you this time, he is really taken, and in this Booth at this present moment - Out with your pence good people - dont be so shy - tumble up Mr Bull - the only Booth in the Fair! dont be alarm'd - he is perfectly tame I assure you
CIF
Defaite de I'Armée Francois en Calabria
la Prise de Buenos-Ayres
"Out on ye Owl! - noting but song of Death?
The Moniteur
Projet pour Subjuger le Monde *BRACKETED* - Great Britain - Russia Swed *BRACKETED* - Turkey - Persia - Chim . . - Cariby *BRACKETED* . . .
Holland Starving! - & ripe for a Revolt
All Germany Rising, & Arming en Masse
Swedish Defiance - Charles ye XII Redivivus
Spain in Despair for the loss of her Colonies
St Petersburg - Refusal to Ratify the French Treaty
Prussia rousing from her Trance of Death
Turkey Invoking Mahomet
Switzerland cursing the French Yoke
Suspicions of the new Confederated States of ye Rhine
Italy shaking off her Chains
La Vendee again in Motion
Portugal True, to the last Gasp
Sicily Firing like Ætna
Denmark waiting for an Opportunity
Cabinet de Lor Loderdale
Preliminairs ... Paix
Negotiation pour la Paix
Termes de Paix Inadmissible *BRACKETED* C. J. Fox
Projet pour . . . Pa *BRACKETED* Bel *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The room is magnificent. Behind Josephine stand Napoleon's sisters, Elisa, Caroline, and Pauline, ladies-in-waiting, as in BMSat 10072. They have the same thin oval faces with patches, ear-rings, and snaky straggling hair, and wear small crowns. Behind these ladies and behind Napoleon's chair is a file of imperial  OPEN>> ducs et pairs
Vive le Dieu Napoleone
N
N
David pinx: *BRACKETED* la Victoire de Marengo
1000 mille
Victoire ou Mort
*BRACKETED* la Victoire de Ulm
Ulm
Pretty Millener
Portrait of a Lady & Child
Mrs Crouch
Mrs Robinson
Florizel & Perdita
Fitsherbet
The Free-Born Englishman deprived of His Seven Senses by . . . the Six New Acts of the Boroughmongers. A Poem, by Geoffrey Gag-'em-all. . . Illustrated with an appropriate Caricature Plate . . . *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  John, a respectable but ragged citizen, kneels on straw directed to the right in a bare dilapidated room. He is heavily shackled to a  OPEN>> Pillar of Restriction
Distress
Cannon Law
Magna Charta
Bill of Rights
Manchester Steel
6 New Acts
Two penny Trash
M T
G R
Hic Jacet Vox Populi
Exit *BRACKETED* —Omnes
Fund for Decay'd Authors and xxxxx—xxxxx The Devil
Map of Gt Britain
Fire Arms Siezed accordg to the Act.
Twenty years of war
six years peace
six new acts
seven senses
millions
lips
ears
eyes
seven senses
John Bull
Jackoo
Laudanum, or the Preservation of Life - prepared by Lieut Genl jackoo, Spanish posttilion to Dr Viper - O Death where is thy Sting?
Extract of Hellebore and Extract of Hemlock
Ball - Suppe *BRACKETED* ...
Being overpersuaded to stand up in a country dance, when you know or what is equally bad, conceive that a bear would eclipse you in grace & agility
gallows tree
Gentlemen, you all know that our late friend the Majestrate has withdrawn his favors, from us; and it seems will be corrupted no longer; consequently we have now nothing but our own exertions to depend upon. We must now separate, and each take the Road that's best adapted for his Interest, and of course for the Interest of the Gang be awake my lads! for the whole Country are up in arms against us
Payer
Impossible!
o
2 /2 /3/
Tafel van Multiplicatie
Pretentions des Trouppes Suisses
Insolvable
Ecclesiasticus, Jesus Sirach
Post tot Naufragia tutus
Ye have committed Treason and Murder—yet out of respect to your High Order we save your Lives
ah! ah we shall make our escape
Mort
"Are not the Laws alike for the poor & Rich—Ney.
Ye have broken a Threshing Machine—and altho
Mercy is not strain'd. . .
Real Maidstone Whitewash prepar'd & Sold dy *BRACKETED* Fox & C°
If any Man can make black white I can
I think if any man knows how to mix white-wash for Characters it is I
Sooner than not prevail, I'll swear Truth out of all England
United Oaths
My own Confession
Privy Council
Gratton
C J Fox
Mr Fox at the Whig Club, a second time rose  OPEN>> Sir, the Gentleman's health I intend to propose; But first, let me tell you, what all must believe For you know Yve no motive, no wish to deceive, That till lately, a rumour ne'er came to my ear, Which Vm told has been current, at least half a year, That my witness at Maidstone disgusted the nation - This is owing I'm clear, to misrepresentation; For all that I swore, I declare on my honour, I'd respect o'er and o'er in defence of O Conner. Of deception O Conner I cannot accuse, As he never thought proper to mention his views; I never could ask what he chose to conceal . . . . . . This was all that I said - this was all that I knew Sherry, Norfolk and Erskine, will swear it is true, Mr Grattons my toast, we're extreamly alike, The resemblance, I'm sure, your disernment must strike, He, in Ireland, America labour'd to serve; In the same cause, in England, I strain'd every nerve; With compleatest success our endeavours was bless'd And America lost, and our Country distrss'd. We both live upon charity, feeling no qualms, Parliamentary he, and I private alms; Both our names from the Council by Pitt are eras'd We are honoured by censure, while Pitt is disgrac'd Both have fled from the senate, while each of us vapours I hoare at the Whig club, he course in the papers
I sought it, and its place could no where be found.
A distant age will find the fabric good
The necessity of sending a verbal message of the utmost consequence, by an ass, who, you plainly perceive, will forget *BRACKETED* forgotten every word you have been saying
Hush!—How  OPEN>> astonished
You may look as cross as you Please master Mushroom - but here stands the British Oak - and by St George and the Dragon not a leaf of it shall Fall to the Ground.
Piping times now Billiy *BRACKETED* is dead, John Bull no longer hangs his head He'll now get Butter to his Bread.
reform
England Scotland and Ireland rejoice in the presence of their Patriot King, who crowned by Peace with the Wreath of Victory stands surrounded by his Ministers in a Triumphal Car, the British Lion Guided by the single-Heartedness of Childhood draws forward the whole Cortege *BRACKETED* Whilst Discord & Currup-tion *BRACKETED* are dragged at its Chariot Wheels,
Reform
Hush, here's the Old Southwark Rat
TIMES,
Eloquence Argument
Times
What! would you be Judges, Juries & Accusers in one
Oh! this is not the Balkan, I can't get one Leg up to the other Oh St Nic *BRACKETED* I shall lose my Boots
Opposition
Ministerial
Matchless Eloquence
Court Circular from the Pandemonium Post.  OPEN>> His Satanic Majesty and his Illustrious namesake, the Emperor of all the Rus—'s, paid an invisible visit to the Kingdom of Poland
See most mighty Emperor—this dying Rebel—He hears the Song of Freedom sung by his Comrades in yonder distant Valley.—Hark! tis the Dombroaskie borne on the Night Winds.—The poor Soul faintly joins it.—See he smiles and waves his bloodless hand:—faugh tis a sad fool—-Let Kings and Emperors smile
Ayal Boroughs to sell, cheap cheap
Boro'bridge
Sarum
Gatton
You are commanded to Petition against Reform and Vote as His Grace's Commissioners shall instruct
Z
Chip, Chip, what's the meaning of these things about our old friend
Oh! the Paper is His Grace's & the Cap is awarded him by the Public
NORTHVM . . .
Here lies the Family of the Rottenboroughs both Big & Little
Dissolution
No Reform
Belgium
No, no, it won't Sit easy
Foot it neatly *BRACKETED* here & there
Petersham
Hiss
What! is this the way you serve your own Man, The Man of the People
Mayn't we do what we like with our own
Fund for the purchase for *BRACKETED* the Swineish Multitude
Twenty Pounds for a Split Vote, Forty for a Plumper!!
An Ox to be Roasted every day
An Hogshead of Ale every day
Hey for Rotten-town and Pay  OPEN>> eem Well for ever
See you dom'd first
Ah! there they go to bribe my Country Cousins
Never fear Coz they may come for Wool and go Back Shorn
We have left undone those things we ought to have done and done those things we ought not to have done
and there is no help for us
East India Bill
Huzza! what the Poison Bag could not effect the Halter has
Thus w'ell Join Heads and Hands all discord shall cease, And with Bottles & Glasses the Union increase. And Pat-riots of England w'ell drink down the Sun, And to dear Friends in Ireland w'ell drink down the Moon.
Mad
Asleep
Drunk
Shield of Aristocracy and Despotism
Reflections on the French Revolution
Dodsley Bookseller
It is undoubtedly true, though it may seem paradoxical; but in general, those who are habitually employed in finding and displaying faults, are unqualified for the work of reformation: and ending: From hence arises the complexional disposition of some of your guides to pull every thing in pieces - Burke on the French Revolution - Page 250
Grog
Tell him we intend to be Masters, I'll read him a Lecture
Thellwals Lecture
Resolutions
Letter from Sheerness to Ld L------le
Aye, Aye, we are at the bottom of it
True Blue an old Song
Hearts of Oak are our Ships Jolly Tars are our men We alway are Ready
cit
Clarior e Tenebris
The Lover's ardour, the fond parent's care, The husband's soft endearments strongly move; But when the welfare of our country calls, These passions set—and the great Patriot shines
Magna Charta
King and Constitution
Loyalty
Reform
Good of the People
Integrity
Laws of the Land
Trial by Jury
Lords
Habea *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Liberty
Candour
Justice
Truth
Freedom of the Pr *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Bill of Rights
Commons
Free Representation
Corrupti *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Imbe *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Democ *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . After the title:  OPEN>> on Thursday June 21st or near that time the Sun of Patriotism will emerge from Reginon *BRACKETED* of darkness in the East and again cheer, the inhabitants of the west with the warmth of his Rays, the malignant Planets will for some time at least lose their balefull influence under the cloud which Ought to obscure them for ever,—vide Political Almanack. 1810
The Man of the People
BAΣIVEVS BAΣIΛEΩN
C F
Bengal
Bay of Bengal
Ganges
Delhi
Tanjeour
F *BRACKETED* S. George.
The night Crow cried foreboding luckless Time. Shakespeare
Lilliputian
Lilliput is situated a considerable distance from the Island of Great Britain, and the Natives have many singular manners and customs, one in particular is swearing to give a vote according to conscience with one hand, and receiving a bribe with the other—what a happy thing it is that nothing of the kind ever occured in England.
St M . . .
They have a litte *BRACKETED* man in Lilliput call'd John Bull, we suppose in humble imitation of that Gentleman so named in our Country but the comparison can never hold good, the Lilliputian John Bull though overburthened with Taxes is continually visited by the collector for more—we well know that is not the case in England!!
cit
Liberty
There we frequently see Merit in distress, and Ignorance, rolling in affluence, if such facts were mention'd in England, they would not be believed!! their manners are so different.
Poem *BRACKETED* on var ....
By Permission of the Lord Chamberlain—for the Benefit of Peter Prose authour of several Pieces
Slushbuckett Nightman to his Majesty
In Lilliput it is well known that a Female throug *BRACKETED* certain influence has disposed of situations in the Army and Church, what would our John Bull say to that!!
A certain Nobleman in Lilliput is said to have become a jobber and disposed of a seat in Parliament; a pretty Parliament that must be!! O John Bull you are a happy man!
In Lilliput it is common for a boy of fifteen through interest, to leap over the shoulders of a vetran Hero!—Ay John Bull you may well be suprized—but such things are practiced there we assure you.
cit
Derby. II \\ Leicester. 17 \\ London. 116
Conscience
Honor
Wisdom
Cestus of Virtue
Asia
Indostan
A Reflection
Reform
I will make a public ApPeel *BRACKETED* on this subject, and then I shall aPeer right
An Appeal
a Jaw breaker—Fibbing—Fibbing—More Punishment, A Floorerer, —A Nobber A Doubler, —Want of Wind A Left Flush, —A Rally Sparring for Wind.
Gentlemen—the Milling Champion at Thisselton Gap.
Bravo, Capn—
Bravo Barclay for ever.
Bravo,—Bravo,—Scotch Training for ever.
Crib, and Barclay for ever.
Bravo Capn—Huzza.
Ye Belles & ye flirts, & ye pert little things, Who trip, o'er this frolicsome round, Pray tell me from whence this indecency springs The Sexes at once to confound. What means the bold look & the masculine Air, With each motion design  OPEN>> d to perplex? Bright eyes were intended to languish—not stare, And softness, the test of the Sex. The Girl who on beauty depends for support May call every art to her aid,  OPEN>> The bosom display'd
Buckingham House
Secretaryship of State £7000 pr Ann.
Sinecures £9000pr Ann.
Private Pension £4000
£3000 pr Ann.
Ranger of the Park
75000 pr Ann
3000 pr Ann
7000 pr Ann
Whitehall
"He shoots a good Shot; it will do a Mans heart good to see him; he will  OPEN>> charge you & discharge you, with the motion of a Pewterers hammer; and  OPEN>> when he has his Game in View, he will about, & about, & come you in, &  OPEN>> come you in; rah, tah, tah, will he say; & away again will he go, & again  OPEN>> will he come; & round will he wheel! O! I shall never see such another  OPEN>> Fellow
Mrs Stopford
Scourge
Smuggling Extraordinary; or, the Kentish Coast in an Uproar &c.
What do you mean fellow by stopping me in this rude way if there is law you shall pay for it.
Aye Aye, my Lady we'll run the risk of that, it tis'nt the first time we have had dealings with Ladies of Fashion!!
Let the Lady talk of Law if she likes we have Justice on our side, and have as much regard for our parquisates as your great folks.
Oh My Lady this imperent fellor is turning me inside out, what does he think to find under my petticoats there is nothing smuggled there I'm sure!
I shall not take your word for that I have deliver'd many a big bellied Lady of a piece or two of french Cambrick!
Come down Master Coachee, this carriage and horses belongs to us! and a pretty little parquisate it will turn out!!
Oh it does! then I'll be d—d *BRACKETED* if you turn in till I have drove my Lady safe home, then Master will settle the matter.
You have contraband Articles in this portmanteaux I insist upon searching.
I'll see you at H—ll first, I tell you there is nothing but a slang dictionary which I and master study occasionally so hands off or I'll make mince meat of you.
Soie de Napoleon
Pomade de Ninon
Depilatoire français
A Paris
Essence Amourea . .
Creme de Rose
The Smugglers Den
Scratch Wig Maker to the Bench
To Dover
"The Rogues were not satisfied and insisted on having the Coach and Horses too, and accordingly /  OPEN>> accompany'd her Ladyship home, when the noble Lord facetiously observed if stick was the Law of / the case a value must be set on the carriage & horses and he would give a draft for the money, debiting her Ladyships pin money for the amount. Vide Morng Herald Novr 30 1813
Evil be to him who evil thinks
Review
Magazines
Advertis *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Squib
Herald
Times
True Briton
Puff
World
Morning Chronicle
Evening Post
Star
Sham Abuse
Squibbs
Oracle
Courier
Venetian. Manuscript
redeunt Titianica regna, jam nova progenies coelo demittitur alto
. . . va pro *BRACKETED* ies . . . demittitur alto
You little Stars, hide your diminish'd Head *BRACKETED* .
Rubens
Correggio
Michael Angelo
Raphael
Parmegiano
Black Spirits & White; Blue Spirits & Grey. Mingle, mingle, mingle! - you that Mingle may.
Cosway
Sandby
Bartolozzi
Rooker
Turner
Loutherbourg
Beechey Pinxt
Fuselli
List of Subscribers to the Venetian Humbug at Ten Gs each Dupe
Lottery 5 Gs a dip
Ticket
Picture
2 Pict *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . From his coat-pocket projects a large book:  OPEN>> Bible by Mack *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . He says:  OPEN>> Damn their secrets, I say! - I've got a fine Load of them here! - come who'll have a Dip in my Lucky bag! - all Prizes here!
Shakespeare
How? - What? - another Gallery? - Mr President! I'd see them all starve first, the Villains! O my money! my Money!!!
Charming Secret Friend, for thee to dash out another Gallery with! - but I'm off!!
Will this Secret make me Paint like Claude? - | - will it make a Dunce, a Colourist at once? -
Method of Eating ones Way into the Academy
Filchings from Wilson
Specimen of Faringtonian Taste, the Sepulchre of Common-Sense
Will it Paint Thick & Fat, d'ye see? - | If not, why, D------n my Es twont do for me!
Specimen of Opiean Delicacy Flesh-Hills & Blankets
When I have Flourish'd, can I Scumble down, | & Glaze? to hide my Blunders from ye Town?
Specimen of Westalian Sublimity Human Nature à la Monboddo
As I in Reynolds style my works Begin; | Wont Titian's Finish, hoist on me the grin?
Spec *BRACKETED* of Hopnerian-Truth a d------d Black Sketch
Will it on White Grounds equal shine? | For when I Trace from Ancient works Divine | I use no other
Speci *BRACKETED* of Stothardian Originality. Shadows of Shades.
Will it begin & finish well a Part? - | For d------n the Whole, that's no criterion of ye Art.
Specimen of Smirk-ing - Humour. Children at Sh------e.
Can I make Alterations, & load one Colour | Over t'other? - without a Hotch-potch altogether
*BRACKETED* of Rigaudian Harmony Nothing at all at all.
Downman del.
Edridge del.
Hamilton
Northcoate
Tresham
Lawrence
Devis
O. Humphries
Daniel
Risin *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Bigg
Ventus Beaumontinus
Ventus Malonicus
Ventus Humianus
Ventus Rub. Bolusius
Royal Academy
Tranquility
"By Patience, minds an equal temper know,  OPEN>> Nor swell too high, nor sink too low;  OPEN>> Patience the fiercest grief can charm,  OPEN>> And fate's severest rage disarm:  OPEN>> Patience can soften pain to ease,  OPEN>> And make despair and madness please  OPEN>> This the divine Cecilia found,  OPEN>> And to her Husbands ears, confind the sound
Dictionary
Lives of the Poets
Pope
Milton
the stars
Dictionary
Beauties of Johnson
Constitutional Restorative
Georgius III Rex.
Art of Restoring Health
Composing Draft
Republican Balsam
Whig Pills
Prescription
Addington
-  OPEN>> Death may decide, when Doctors disagree.
Natural History
Royal Perch
Red Hot
red
hot
Gibraltar
Huzza
Talla Piedra
mon petit D - u
Gun Boats
History of the late Siege of Gibraltar
or How to hold out a bait
Courier
Place
Waters of Agitation
The Pigeons. Dedicated to all the Flats, and Showing the Artifices, Success and Crimes of Gaming, Gamesters, and Gambling Houses. . . . By the Author of the Greeks. Ninth Edition. London: Printed for J. J. Stockdale No. 41 Pall-Mall. 1817.
Ribright Optician
I'm shot I'm shot
Oh, the poor Grocer done Over
The Bell has bit him by G--d
Its little Fig
40 Ribright Option
Ribright Optition
Scourge
Elections in the Isle of Borneo
My gracious Master is personelly acquainted with my merits, they live in his bosom, & he will reward me, according to my Deserts.
Ich Dien.
Mother Careys Chickin
I was turned out of the Office I now solicit because I was too fond of a married Woman *BRACKETED* & could not live without commiting Adultery I claim therefore to be once more elevated to the Office of Commander in Cheif.
As for business I never had a Headfor't but I have laid the Country under a Massy load of Obligations in other respects Adultery is my Motto so give me ******ship of the H-.
Nugent
Considering my Exploits you cannot do less than make me a Field Marshal.
I have lived in Adultery with an actress 25 years & have a pretty Number of illegetimate Children. I hope you will make me an Admiral of the Fleets.
P P
Let her be forty at least, plump & Sprightly.
Confound my Wishers if Venus alias Fanny Anny *BRACKETED* may not go to Juno-—I'm Vice all over. Let me con tinue so.
As for me my Name is sufficient, I am known as the Paragon of Debauchery and I only claim to be the-s *BRACKETED* Confidential Friend.
cheese-cutters
Hang her She's quite Drunk
A Sermon to be Preached at Cripple gate by Revd Honble A Newgate
Get away get away, if you go near the Platform you'll be ruined.
Poor fellow his Magic wand is broken.
M
P
Princely Promises
Ogden
Journal
"We gave him as good a dinner as we could. Our Scotch muir-fowl, or growse, were then abundant, and quite in Season; and so far as wisdom and wit can be aided by administering agreeable sensations to the palate, my wife took care that our great guest should not be deficient.
D.N.B
rich young Dutchman
Meester John altyd op en te kort
rich young Dutchman
Engelsche kraam
Modes de Paris
rich young Dutchman
Modes de Paris
Hollandsche Waaren
rich young Dutchman
light gold for charities
To Hesse-Cassel
For Secret Services
I trust we have got such a House of Commons as we Wanted
Damn the Commons, the Lords shall Rule
Very Gude, Very Gude Damn the Commons
Thieves! Thieves! Zounds awake Madam or you'll have your Throat Cut.
The Mufti, his Grand Inquisitor
Aga Nosey, Grand Captain of the Janizaris
Ogden Froth
am i not Cuning
Broad-Bottom Cabinet
Privy Seat
Brissots Principles of Justice
Viper Drops
Justitia
The Catamaran of Justice - or the last Expedition to blow up All Opposition in spite of Wind & Tide.
Decision of the Peers
Not Guilty
Eldon
Vote of the Bishops
Opinion of the Eleven Judges
Whitbr *BRACKETED* Entire
Impeachment
Sword of Justice
FIAT IN JUSTITIA RUAT CŒLUM
in
Spanish Flies
Unbounded Ambition
Small Flies innumerable
Pope Fly
I am afraid I shall be draggd in.
Venetian Fly
Italian Fly
Hamburgh Fly
Prussian Fly
Hanoverian Fly
Etrurion Fly
Portugeuse Fly
Austrian Fly
Dutch Fly
Russian Fly
I declare I was half in the web, before I made the discovery.
Turkish Fly
I am afraid it will be my turn next.
Ay you may look Master Spider but I am not to be caught in your web.
chapeau bras
Good Folks, take warning at the Sight, You here before you see, And do what honest is and right, And shun bad company.
Boxes all Taken
If I have not a right to do as I will with my own, who has, if you conspire to injure me I will Clip you depend on it So off off¡¡¡
Upon my life he handles his Yard Famously
aye and Sheers too I think.
Cock your Cap
Handle your Gown
Observe your step
Display your learning
Approach your patron
Ask for a living
Take leave of your Patron
Get Ordain'd
Take Possession
Inspect the Tithes
Pocket the cash
Profess humility
Follow the Hounds
Poise your Gun
Purchase your Sermon
Drink your Bumper
Smile at the Squire
Make Love to his Daughter
Display your Cambric
Shew your ring
Wear a Wig
Rail at Luxury
Collect your Dues
Preach with Spirit
Look out for a Bishoprick
Attend a Levee
Sit down a Bishop
Two Wealthy Dons, at an Old Bailey Feast, In City Pride and Honors, not the Least, Some time ago, so rumour spread about Differing in thoughts, Pell Mell, they both fell out, DROSS the Lord Mayor, was first to raise the Flame, And thus addresses MANGO, by his Name,  OPEN>> If sixpence is to be had in any Place, We're sure to see your Crabbed Sower Face, For Gold has so wrap'd up thy Flinty Soul, To get a Guinea you would reach the Pole,
Thy Years *BRACKETED* and shallow Sense, Shields from my wrath thy matchless Impudence, Yet, for thy Equal, search the City round, So Base, so mean a Wretch, there can't be found.
Scourge
Save me, Save me from de big bore.
By gar de Bears have caught us in our own Traps.
Sea of Troubles
Leigeon of Honor
The Kalouga Larder Russian Fare
No Admittence here.
Ah de Barbare
dey have not de pity.
Steel Traps & Spring guns set in this gro . . .
Moscow
dont Cut us off
100,000 Rubles and my Daughter to the Man who will bring Buonaparte Dead or Alive
Bait for Monkeys
Provisions & good Winter Quarters
Cloud of Cossacks
28th Bulletin This is Autum fine weather easy marches —Invincible General
Almighty Sir We your Countrymen & Kinsmen make humble application to be appointed Governors or Directors, in your India Department - but should that be incompatible with your present Engagements should be happy rather than not be employed under so mighty a Chief, to go in any capacity: however low trusting to your gracious favor and our persevering Industry for future advancement & we are &c &c &c
A list of fit Persons to succeed to the Direction Elphinston Duncan Mcphers *BRACKETED* Fraser Andrew McLean Stuart Donald McDonald Alexr McLeod Jemmie McIn . . . Sawney . . . Dav . . .
Gentn The inclosed Names you will adopt as the House list on the insuing Election I shall admit of no variation whatever. Yours &c. Henry Du *BRACKETED* To the East India Directors.
Sir Thos Rumbold &c &c &c
Directions for the Government of my *BRACKETED* the Companys Servants in India - To whom they shall write. To whom they shall not write. To whom they may write. The length of their Letters. Nothing relating to the Company's affairs to be mentioned unless the Account is first sent them for that purpose from me or the Board of Controul by my Order - The Govr Genl to send over an Account of all the Company Servants with the place of their Nativity.
The humble Petition of the Bakers Company - May it please your Mightiness so large a number of raw young Scotchmen having been sent to India in different Departments since your appointment to the Dictatorship of that Company; We your humble Petitioners fearing a stop will be put to our business for want of Journeymen to carry on the same, hitherto having been supplied by that needy but laborious People. We implore your mightiness to take our case into consideration, and by dispensing some small part of that immens patronage you enjoy to Englishmen leave us hopes to be able to continue a Business so necessary & of such general concern - and as in duty bound We shall ever pray &c. &c.
Right Honorable Sir------ Our Porter being dead, We most humbly beg to know your Pleasure as to the appointment of a Successor - We do not presume to mention Our own Wishes on this Head, but hope you will believe that it is with the greatest Submission We inform you the custom has hitherto been usual to let the Deputy succeed. We should think ourselves however very culpable if we concealed from you Right Honorable Sir, that he unfortunately is an Englishman, as in all probability this will have great Weight with you in your determination. We desire at all times & upon all occasions to approve ourselves Right honourable Sir Your most faithfull and Zealously devoted humble Servants India House John Pliable Depy Chairman March 17th 1787.
Sir Elijah Impey
Major Scot &c &c &c
War *BRACKETED* Hastings Esq.
Robbing
India Patronage
Stealing
India Patronage
Seriously recommended & humbly Dedicated to those it most particularly concerns, the Proprietors of East India Stock, by their most obedient, humble Servant, John English
Trick & Trick run for the Rubber
Win or lose, I'll have nothing else
By Jasus this is like our lord lieutenant
Which are we to apply to now
Shoreham
Dover
Arundel
Chichester
XXIII Miles
All vote now
Sussex for ever
Representative History
Oak
Beach
Portsmouth Gosport 200000
Friar Bacons's PLAN to surround all England with a Brasen Wall
Brasen
Time Was
Time is
House that Jack built
Othello
The Revenge
School for Scandal, Lady Sneerwell by Lady
Double Dealer
The Hipocrite
Judas betraying Christ
These are the Words which Nobody spoke. Indelicate, Vulgar, Obscene, Lacivious *BRACKETED* , Adulteress, Treasonable This is the Lady who ne'er dropt a word, Of the matter in question, not e'en to her Lord, Untill call'd by the P- to tell all she knew, When away to the Councill with rapture she flew, Stung with jealousy's rage which S *BRACKETED* did provoke, To swear to the Words which nobody spoke.
This is the B- covered with lace, Who swore with precision to both time and place, In support of the Lady who ne
*BRACKETED* A similar scene, with the whole table in view; Bidgood stoops to kiss the book, handed to him by Erskine, before giving his evidence. Erskine is in back view, Ellenborough *BRACKETED* faces Bidgood. On the farther side of the table are Lord Grenville and Lord Spencer.  OPEN>> These are Commissioners named by the K-, To investigate matters and witness's bring, And primo the B- covered with lace, . . . *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* The table, partly visible, is on the extreme right, with only one Commissioner, the Chancellor, who is partly cut off by the right margin. Six servants face the table, three men and three women standing in pairs.  OPEN>> These are the Servants examined by Law *BRACKETED* , Who thought by a stretch to gain some eclat, While before the Commissioners, named by the K-, ... *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* The table, partly visible, is on the extreme left, with Ellenborough seated full-face, and Erskine facing him; they look towards a lady *BRACKETED* who faces them, seated very erect, as she answers their questions.  OPEN>> This is the Witness whose answers when pen'd Without Questions, which drew them, appear'd to portend, More reproach than she meant, against her good Friend While the hireling Servants examin'd by Law . . . *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* A corner of the House of Commons, showing the Speaker in his chair with the clerks at the table. In front of this stands Whitbread, declaiming to Castlereagh *BRACKETED* who sits opposite him, the only one of three persons on the front bench who is characterized.  OPEN>> This is the Senate, who all cried Oh fie, That the Lady and B- had told a D-d lie, And were unworthy credit, though Oaths they did try, And lamented the Witness whose answers . . . *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* Lord Ellenborough in wig and gown stands with clenched fists raised, stamping in furious anger. Behind him is *BRACKETED* the Woolsack, overturned.  OPEN>> This is the Chief J- who as the Lords tell, Swore that the reflections were false! black as H-!, And tho such bad words no man can use fewer, In his rage it was fear'd he'd have pistol'd the Brewer *BRACKETED* , For moveing the Senate who all cried Oh fie, . . . *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* In an ornate arm-chair standing on a dais is the Regent's cocked hat decorated by a triple plume. Under the chair lie numbers of empty wine-bottles. Behind the chair and partly draped over it is a curtain from behind which the Regent peers furtively out.  OPEN>> This is the Spring that set all in motion, Inspired with Love and fired with Devotion, Like my Lord the Chief J- who as the Lords tell, . . . *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  After the title:  OPEN>> Who steals my purse, steals trash; t'is something, nothing;  OPEN>> T'was mine, t'is his; and has been slave to thousands;  OPEN>> But he that filches from me my good name,  OPEN>> Robs me of that which not enriches him,  OPEN>> And makes me poor indeed.
Since air Ballooning is the Ton among the Higher Folk A Middle Class may take it up and Turn it to a Joke. And a joking we will go &c By Complaisance and French Balloons, Gay Gallias Flighty Sons Next year  OPEN>> mongst other pretty Toys, may Smuggle over Nuns And a joking we will go &c. Then Justice P------ *BRACKETED* may take it up, as matter of Great weight Or lay a New and Heavy Tax on ev'ry Thing thats Light And a joking &c Pray drop your jokes ye naughty Men some pretty Ladies say For Modesty can't bear a joke, but in a Middle way, And a joking &c Yet in a joke  OPEN>> a Tale to tell may fill them with surprise If Men find Gas for their Balloons, in time they'd Quick arise And a joking we will go The Graces now may take the Ball, let them the Point Discuss Who with their pretty Lilly Hands have strok'd Lunardi's Puss And a joking we will go How Vain Philosophers will Prate, how Vain is all our Trouble This World like Keegans Huge Balloon is nothing but a Bubble
To...
Whither, - O Whither shall my Blood ascend for Justice? - my Throne is seized on, by my Murderers; my Brothers are driven \\ into exile; - my unhappy Wife & innocent Infants are shut up in the horrors of a Dungeon; - while Robbers & Assassins are sheathing \\ their Daggers in the bowels of my Country! - Ah! ruined, desolated Country! dearest object of my heart! whose misery was to me the \\ sharpest pang in death! what will become of thee? - O Britons! vice-gerents of eternal-Justice! arbiters of the world! - look \\ down from that height of power to which you are raised, & behold me here! - deprived of Life & of Kingdom, see where \\ I lie; full low, festering in my own Blood! - which flies to your august tribunal for Justice! - By your affection for your own \\ Wives & Children - rescue mine: - by your love for your Country, by the blessings of that true Liberty which you possess, - by the \\ virtues which adorn the British Crown, - by all that is Sacred, & all that is dear to you - revenge the blood of a Monarch most I undeservedly butchered, - and rescue the Kingdom of France, from being the prey of Violence, Usurpation & Cruelty.
This exact Representation of that Instrument of French refinement in Assassination, the GUILLOTINE is submitted to the Gentlemen of  OPEN>> the Phalanx
chapeau-bras
Sketch'd at Wirtemberg
To her Grace
Lord L------gh------h's large Wig
O such a Day as This, so renown'd so victorious, \\  OPEN>> Such a Day as This, was never seen!
Treasury Bench
Mr Pitt's Jack-Boot
Well! to be sure these here Cloaths do fit me to a inch! - & now that I've got upon this Bench, I think I may pass muster for a fine tall Fellow, & do as well for a Corporal, as my old Master, Billy, himself!!! -  OPEN>> . In front stands Hawkesbury, youthful, nervous, and almost tearful; he stands within the bulky breeches of his predecessor as  OPEN>> Ld G - n - le's Breeches
Mercy upon me! - what a Deficiency is here!!! ah poor Hawkee! - what will be the consequence, if these d------d Breeches should fall off in thy  OPEN>> 'March to Paris
Mr D-d-s's Broad Sword
Ay! Ay! leave Us to settle them all! here's my little Andrew Ferrara!!! - was it not Us that tip'd em the broadside in the Baltic? - was it not Us that gave ye Crocodiles a breakfast in Egypt? - I'm a Rogue if it is not Us that is to save little England from being swallow'd up in the Red Sea!!!
Mr C-n-g's Old Slippers
ah, Dam'n his narrow Pumps! I shall never be able to bear them long on my Corns! - zounds! are these Shoes fit for a Man, in present-pay Free Quarters
G. Rose's old Stand
C. Long's old Stand
Treasury Ink Stands
Wyndham's Cap & Feather
Wigs
Hats
Dont think my puppies stand alone If you will make the search Sir Puppies at the Bar you'll find And Puppies in the Church Sir! Half coat pups and booted pups And. pups without their hair Sir
Forum Debating Society
Immortality
Republican-Mantle
The Rock of Ages
The Altar of the Constitution
Prudence
Fortitude
Truth
Magna Charta
Rock of Ages
Broad-Bottom-Dunghill
Priests of Baal
Comforts Charley's Old Breeches
Torch of Discord
Catholic Petition
Gentle Emetic
Egalité
Rock of Ages
Royal George
Caricatures
Wit
Baiser!
Character
This is a Red Lion
Classick Studies
Venus de Medicis is Grace
Leith Harbour is Refined Sentiment
Velno
Aretine's Postures
La Pucelle
Hints from Bunbury
Mat . . Darly - Lord Townshend &c &c.
<<CLOSE   - his Satires are as keen as the Back of a Rasor; - and having but Three Ideas in the World,  OPEN>> Two of them borrow'd, - & the Third, nobody else would own
Ich Dien
Amusements for Young Minds
Missal
Angels ever bright and fair
Guardian-Angel
Sanctum Sanctorum
Bulls
Dispensations
Indulgences
Luxuries
Consecrations
Cannonizations
Remissions
Pardons
Beatifications
Permissions
The Designer is particularly indebted to Mr Peters for the Hint for this Subject
Jamais les Droits Seigneuriaux n'ont mieuxêté administré que depuis que la bassecour s'en mêle.  OPEN>> Pourquoi ce jeune arbrisseau meurt-il? . . . On a coupé ses racines; il aurait pu devenir trop haut. II faut de l'égalité dans les républiques.
Jeremiah
Avast there my little fellow - for D* * n my Timbers if I dont take you Aback before you reach the end of your Intended Travels So pull away Pull away I say for the tight bit of land in the Ocean.
If these fellows did not keep such a tight hand over me I would soon try how that Ornament would fit my head.
Notice ... Billingst-Gate
Pubd June 1806 by S W Fores
the Patriot turned Plagarist or the Petty Tax Gatherers, Hunting Iohn Bull
was I not always call'd the Friend of the People
having declared his intention not to remain Neuter in the Westminster Contest, ts canvassed by the Duchess of D------e & coax'd by Mother Windsor, & absolutely polld for Lord John, on Monday July 28th, altho
Townsend
List of Mrs Windsor
nuns
Grammar
Syntax
Priscian
Prosody
Orthography
Etymology
Spero
In hoc signo vinces
Nouns are Substantive \\ and Adjective. \\ Verbs are Active, Passive and Neuter.
Sedes, ecce tibi! quae tot produxit alumnos, Quot gremio nutrit Granta, quot Isis habet
Orange Boven.
Island of Indemnity Ci Divant Ceylon
Island of Security Ci divant Trinidad
They be very light to be sure - but harkee my worthy, - you'll not forget to carry on a little trade with the Old Shop, - if you don't you know, a Rowland, for an Oliver, - that's all.
We'll not talk of that at present, Mr Bull - all you have to do is to take care of your new Islands, - mind you dont tumble down and break them before you get home, - they are very brittle but a very good article for all that.
Variety of Fancy Articles
Islands - Wholesale and Retail
Islands for Home Consumption Martinique St Lucia
Bullet Boluses Advice Gratis NB One Pill is a Dose
Gun-Powder Tea
Preserved Promises
Just arrived a Large Quantity of Pickled Piety from Rome!
Oil of Lodi
Jar Reasons
Marengo Olio
Perfection; a poetical Epistle, calmly addressed to the greatest Hypocrite in England
Calm Address to our American Colonies
Forms and Lies
Book of Common Prayer; b
40 Guis
d
I.W.
N
Calm Address
Perfection
My . Son . get. Money.
I.W.
c, New Light 40 Articles
if Ministers but nod, Make earthly Kings co-equal with thy God To other rightules of Faith add this of thine And tack one Item more to Thirty-nine.
Impostor Detected. Letters. Contributions to the Stock. Evans. I.W. detected
News from America
Subscriptions / to the Temple. Rowland Hill
Erasmus
e
Good Will towards Men
Mercy on me - what will become of my Virgin purity, why sure my Dream is like Mrs Lees! I know it by the Sugar Canes - I am afraid it is an Irish Vision - to what Young Man shall I send to interpret it for me, what will become of me! it is cloathed now to be sure, but how long it may continue so who can tell, will no one come to the aid of a distress'd Virgin. - / should not at all be surprised if I saw Adam and Eve, and the yellow Bed Curtains.
taken from the Life. Dedicated to Messrs Cobbett, Carlisle, & Co
Cobbett's Register
Cobbett . . .  OPEN>> ; and  OPEN>> Cobb . . .
Scandal
Morning Post
Truth
Virtue
Center of Gravity
Plan for enlarging Newgate
General Advertiser
Morning Post
Blast ye
Morning Post
Grave wisdom takes the centre of the Beam, And leaves to Knave & Fool, the wide extream.
Here lies P *BRACKETED* B *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  and two reversed mitres. He points grinning to Bate; above his head is inscribed,  OPEN>> Here I wait; To take my B------
The Boxing Landlady.
My Lord, this here Woman, *BRACKETED* Has bruised my Bubbies, and black'd both my Eyes: OPEN>>   OPEN>> Vide p. 12
derrière
Pray Gentlemen be merciful- consider I have some feeling.
Thats right Mon! Ye as my confidential Agent Catch aw the bluid. then they will na suspect me of the Operation.
I'll knock up your Papa
Rely on me I'll instruct you in all things!
Black Jack
During the above Ceremony, the Treasurer of His Majesty's Household threw about the Medals of the Coronation
The polite Grocers of the Strand
Coffee
Hyson
Bloom
Hyson
*BRACKETED* hong
Congo
Bohea
<<CLOSE — foul deeds will rise, |  OPEN>> Though all the earth o'erwhelm them to men's eyes—Shakspeare
"Avaunt! and quit my sight! Let the earth hide thee!  OPEN>> Hence horrid shadow, unreal mockery hence!
—"Cold drops of sweat hang on my trembling flesh—  OPEN>> My blood grows chilly and I freeze with horror ;—  OPEN>> Oh tyrant, Consciene *BRACKETED* !—how dost thou afflict me!—
"Oh! thou whose unrelenting thoughts, not all  OPEN>> The hideous terrors of thy guilt can shake—  OPEN>>  Whose conscience with thy body, ever sleeps, —behold these gaping wounds!  OPEN>> Then shall thy own devouring conscience  OPEN>> Gnaw thy heart, and terribly revenge  OPEN>> My Wrongs!—
What—! another victim
Secret Amours
Life of a Libertine
Billet Doux from Lady G—
cit
Seringapatam
Tippo
Stock Exchange
Kew
Why you drive all before you, from one extreme to another - the last express you brought in a Broad Wheeled Waggon.
By Cot a mightys as well as make monies dis Humbug was a very coot joke to see a wise man run away with a Shadow.
Seringapatam
What! What is this coming in such a great Hurry
A strong Easterly Wind I think.
Great News! Muckle News! ay my bonny Ones an ye ken I  OPEN>> ave got Tippo and his Capital, by my troth, it's as true as the Vestal!
Mr. Owen
Owen
Aminadab with phiz demure Knock'd at a Mr. Owen's door; With drawling tone & lengthned chin He ask'd  OPEN>> is Friend O, - N within?
By gar—Monsieur Frost this is a much colder Reception than I expected I never experianced such a pelting before—I find I must take care of my Nose as well as my Toes—Pray forgive me this time and I swear by —St Dennis never to enter your — dominion again.
a Northern blast
Northern Bear Ham
Northern lights
Snow ball
What—Master Boney—have I caught You at last lie—teach you Russian fare—take that and that as a relish and digest it.
Empr Alexander
Cossacks
Petersbourgh
Moscow
Reform
Get Out ye Vermin
This is the Malt that lay in the house that Jack built
Newc—st—e
Derry
Bristol
Old Bags
Water *BRACKETED* Rat
Orange Peel
Tune—"A hunting we will go.
Go out
My Lord you don't eat your chops, I have already placed six in Schedule A. & am about to discuss a seventh, while you have scarcely got thro
B——I fear the worst. If you have faith in omens, listen! as I entered this House I thought I saw the sign of a Red Lion* . . .!!!
*  OPEN>> Take any shape but that, and my firm nerves shall never tremble
N° 24.....
I promise to pay to Ignorance, Hypocrisy & Fanaticism, Methodist / Preachers, or Bearer Five farthings, when Methodism shall have been / done away by the Pious exertions of the established Clergy, and when / Iohn Bull's Family shall be no longer scared by the tale of the Devil let loose. / London the 1st day of Septr *BRACKETED* / For Self, Be-just & Fear-not / *BRACKETED* Moral Rectitude / Farthings FIVE / Entd No Cant.
I give ye this consolation—You'll all be Damn'd.
For modes of Faith / Let fiery Zealots fight, / He can't be wrong, / whose life is in the right.
Essay on Man.
Mind not one word / Such stupid fellows say; / Fear the true God, / and mend your sinful way
So I am to take back the Old Shoes - well I thought you would never desert the old Staffordshire shop, - well it is very wonderfull! - after being a Customer so many Years, and more over when we gave you such Credit, I was agoing to say, when no one else would trust you!!
God Save Great \\ George the King \\ Long live the King
News for the Oracle
News for the World
Assembly Room
*BRACKETED* rchester
Melcome
L'Armée du Prince Frederic d'Orange
Garantie du Stadhouderat
Jeremiah
Spare me a Bit your Worships
Keep off you Hungry Dog
Vestry Creed. Sit See & Say Nothing. Eat Drink & pay Nothing
"What do you think of that picture?
Town and Country Magazine
Histories of the Tête-à-Tête . . .
Hans Turbot
whole-length 45
North Briton.
H. S.
Cholic Drops
N
E
Tune—  OPEN>> The Tight Little Island
The Temple of Folly—!!!
I do like to see a fellow well set on his pins.
It's precious hot - I can tell you
Suppose I do show my Leg they are no disgrace to me
Bulletin
Lork John what simpletons the London folks be—not to understand the Bulletins— why his M-----y God bless him, has got the Symptoms—I dare say it is some new fashioned disorder
I dare say it be
BE SIR ROBERT - BE MY LORD. BE WHAT THOU WILT *BRACKETED* Peel, half-length, leans to the left, holding up a baron's coronet at which he gazes. In his left arm is crooked an antique helmet. A shower of coins descends upon him. Above:  OPEN>> "Money—money—money—is your friend
I vonts a pound o
Wot do you ax for them ere Ingens
Carrots & Turnips on sale by order of the Council
Rotten Dung Sold
Cheap Cabbages
What, more Pigs Pat why these make 14500—this year—you will soon get rid of all your Hogs
And thats the only way we have left to save our Bacon
Flunkeys indulging themselves at the Drapers Door A Fact
Safety
£50.000
Greece
Smoke
He hath a Wisdom that doth guide his valour—to act in Safety—Shak—
Signs must resemble the things they Signify
Go naughty man I can't abide you
Wood Deamon
I'll seek protection in this *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . See No. 16420, &c.  OPEN>> W------
lobster
He that despiseth little things—shall perish by little & little
Well little Boy - have you been Confirmed?
No. Marm I wos waccinated
do I do such things on the Sabbath?
Lady------Musical Party
Life in London
Age
Now you see the case stands thus—we borrow money of you *BRACKETED* but agree to allow five pr Cent interest not being in a situation to pay five now—we intend to give you three—consequently that will be so much of your Principal paid off— thus we shall go on reducing the Interest untill it comes to Nothing and then you know if we have nothing to pay to you we cannot possibly owe you anything— now you see the thing in quite a new light
Quite
Shower Bath
To Let
"The flood restrain—Their moisture has already drench'd the plain------vide Dryden
I wish from my heart these cursed field meetings were put a stop to
Convention Bill
If that abominable long Bill Passes into a Law, it will be all over with the opposition Boys!
Copenhagen Meeting
Junction
Ouillee Waag-teel & Dum-Kraam-Bo
When the Ministers In, how subservient his Friends, They'll wipe his Backside, to obtain their own Ends. Hold the Pot of Convenience, their Fingers will lick, And at no dirty Work, you will e'er find them stick.
Yet change but the Scene; shew him once out of Place, And the Stink Pots they'll empty direct in his Face;  OPEN>> Tis the Post, not the Person, they worship you find, And when out of Office, they're soon out of Mind.
G.W.G.
A correct representation of the French Plunderers stopt in their progress by the Spanish Patriots.
A Correct representation of the French Plunderers quitting Portugal for France - under a British Escort.
Port and Calcavella
cit
Ld B
Ld M.
L. N.
L. G. G.
Mr. Rigby
Ld S.
Ld Land
Col Bare
Mr Sawb.
Ld Car.
S. F. N.
Mr W.
D. R.
Mr. Johnson
Marquis of Towndsend
Aye,
he is only a lousy glister pipe, a mere foot soldier in the service of death
Blind Peter Shoeblack in Ordinary to his Excellency the Viceroy of Ireland
Giants
The Ton: Anecdotes, Chit-Chat, Hints and On Dits; Dedicated to all the Gossips. By the Author of The Greeks, the Pigeons, Fashion, Modern Belles, Modern Beaux. To Night, Dress and Address, Life, High and Low, &c . . . London: Printed for J. J. Stockdale, No. 41, Pall Mall. 1819.
St James Chron . . .
G.R.
Down, down, to Hell & say A Female Arm has made one bold Attempt to free her Country.
Murders
Plans
Who, while he was Villifying some of the more Moderate Men in the Convention and asserting that they should lose their Heads Stabed him saying, Villian thy death shall Precede theirs
Treasury
I never care how the world wags for I've always 4,000 per Anm Secure in my Bags
Come along Leatherbreech's! what the devil makes your hair stand on end always?
Billys Biscuit Basket
Biscuit Contract
I filld my Basket Speedy & Soon
The de'el tak me but I've taken care o mysel
you are right Mr McScroyle I have feathered my own nest well
get out of the way pat you have no more business here then I have
Secret Door
Map of the United Kingdoms of . . .
Cambridge Butter Tub
I have croaked for something
Take Care of Number One
Secret Million
Public, 100000000
What I wod, have if I could
R-G-Y
Regency
thats my Pitty Pincy
King Lear & his Daughter
what what
Devil among the Lawyers
A new Ballad to an old Tune
Dere's more trouble with you den your Friend Doctor Pr--e
nobody
Liberta *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  and cries  OPEN>> La Liberté! La Liberté - de s'enfuir
13,000 & Great Expectations
Pearl
Prosperity & Domestick-Happiness.
Invasion, Massacre & Desolation.
Suck Britain was! - Such Flanders, Spain, Holland, now is!
from such a sad reverse O Gracious God, preserve our Country!!
To the People & the Parliament of Great-Britain, this Print is dedicated, by the Crown & Anchor Society.  OPEN>> Cursed be the Man who owes his Greatness to his Country's Ruin!!!!!
Rejoice O ye Frenchmen, the Fruits of my Labour has produced a little Image of myself, I shall for the love I owe to your Country instill in my Noble Ofspring the same principles of Lying thieving treachery Letchery Murder and all other foul deeds for which I am now Worshipped and Adored
The Owl shriek'd at thy Birth, an evil Sight The Night Crow cry'd foreboding luckless Time. Dogs howl'd and hideous Tempests shook down Trees The Raven rook'd her on the Chimney Top And chattering Pies in Dismal Discord sung.
French Blood
Devils Darlind
Ah Woe is me, seeing what I have seen and seeing what I see
Prince Skinny Boneys Caching Chair
Bitter Cup
Consols Omnium
A D—d Lie
Oh! by Gar I am Kill'd Again.
Cock a doodle do.
Motion on Princess of Wales
Coll De Humbug alias Jack in the Green
Huzza.
Extraordinary News!!!!! A French Officer of high Rank! & distinction! decronated *BRACKETED* ! with Laurels! & the White Cockade! Just arrived!! from y Continent Bringing the Glorious Tidings of the certain Death of!!! Bounaparte!!!—!!!! & the hoisting of ye white Flag at Paris &c, &c, &c &c &c.
Sub-Commi *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* . Dark clouds impinge on the rays from the right, they are above the masts of a vessel in the middle distance which appears behind a ship's boat, lying against the shore. In the boat jovial sailors, one holding a bottle, wave their hats at the approach of a drink-bloated comrade, who walks towards them smoking a pipe; on his shoulder is a large sack inscribed  OPEN>> £2 000 000 00
5 000 00
Here's Ballast my Boys.
why d—me Jack this is as neat a Trick as throwing the Ships Books overboard
Huzza.
Dispatches
North Fleet
Green Stret
A
Bravo compere François
B
Courage Milord; Il aime qu'on le berce.
C
Chüt ...Il fait quelque beau Rêve
I have Burgoyn'd the Geese at last by coming North about
I blush for my Master because he cannot blush for himself
Ye politic Wolves, that watch for the Fleece, And sophistic Foxes, that long for the Geese, When bluster, and storm, and harangue is all vain, Turn, like F--x your brave leader, and then you'll obtain
1
2
3
my friend Je--kinson shall write a desertation on this Phenomenon
gun-powder jowl
N° 1 *BRACKETED* Supposed to be the head of a Patrician on close examination; Lennaeus was of opinion it never contained much Brain he vainly Accepted a Situation in the common Wealth that exposed him to his fellow Citizens as he was known to be a mere tool in the hands of others. 2 *BRACKETED* The head of a turbulent and factious Tribune of great abilities which he exerted occasionally for and Against Government as he happened to be in or out of Power in the Senate he cared not what falsehood he advanced to carry a Question against a Consul. 3 *BRACKETED* The head of a Tribune of Patrician Ancestors who had been Consul and much admired for his Wit eloquence and knowledge, he had the Art to impose himself upon the People for an honest disinterested man, he was removed from the Consulate by a fachin *BRACKETED* Whose conduct he declared would ruin the State, yet rather than lose the emoluments of Office he joined his enemies, and Submitted to hold under them a Subordinate office in the Republic, his conduct in this instance was much censured by the People and gave rise to many witty Pasquinades
Oczakow
Prussia
Gt Britain
I'll give her a Stroke that shall turn to some account
I'll give it you home you dissatisfied Thing
Expedient
Why Bill Boy where's your Tail - why dont you try to do something - she shall find me equal to a Bashaw with three Tails. Damme.
Supplies
Ah! ah! ah! this is fine Sport - Ride upon her - pray do - never fear her - this is my expedient Treat-y
I suppose in the end I shall be baited with Taxes
Holland's
I'll have a knock at her by and by - I dont like to be too hasty in a Thing where nothing is to be got by the Issue of the Matter.
Po-land
I'll give her a precious Stroke even if it should break my back and cause a partition of my Parts. A Tartarin Bashaw of three Tails dressed as a Turk
I think I can put in a good Stroke or two
Turkey
P------ P--t--n
I'll cut your tail off Mr Plenipo, or drive you into the red Sea before my Mistress shall be thus Turk ridden. He holds the end of a long thick rope attached to the Russian Bear
Veluti in Speculum
Vienna / Gazette extro-ardinary / Notice / The Bull Bait will begin / at 4 & the Ball at 8 / this Eveng.
A Plan for the / Security of Europe / to be Taken into / Consideration. the / first thing after the / Bull Bait.
Gins But no more Hollands.
Stole away!!! Stole away!!!
What do You do when you have caught Vermin.
Why—Kill 'em to be sure—you goose!!
400,000
Gentlemen accomodated to Dover for only 20 Guineas!! NB Pay beforehand.
NB { Return of the Host!!! / John Bull's dinner lost / And a flight to the coast!!
Cudgel for Disobedient Bears
Caira, Ca . . .
A Begging we will go
Rewards for Obedient Bears
dont be afraid of my Bear, Ladies & Gentlemen! \\  OPEN>> I have tamed & muzzled tarn, & reformed his Habits.
God save the King
Pray remember your poor and Old Blind-Fiddler
Pro Bono Publico - Superbly fine Exhibition, at the Bear Garden, Broad-bottom'd Alley. - Orpheus Charming the Brutes, with a Grand Accompaniment by Dr Sangrado *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> in the Press. - Pease Soup or Bruins Delight - a Ballad *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> Bubble & Squeak, a Duet.
-  OPEN>> what tho' I am Obligated to Dance a Bear a Man may be a Gentleman for all that, - My Bear ever dances to the Genteebtt of Tunes
I never said he had a right to the Regency I didn't indeed! indeed I didn't!
Lord! Lord! What will this House come to?
No right to de Regency? den by Got! we shall loose all de Sausages!
"The Prince of Wales lias no more right to a  OPEN>> succession to the Regency, than any other Subject*, and whoever asserts the  OPEN>> contrary, speaks little less than Treason! - I repeat, than Treason!
Reform
Vested Interests
Revolutionary Torrent
Porter
Nuits d'Young La Mort
respectable characters
Mortgages etc
personal collaterals
Old Nunke and his Hopeful Nephew
Old Gentleman *BRACKETED* Last Monday A Society of College Youths Rang a Peal of 4000, 500 Changes in the Space of two Hours and twenty-Minutes, upon a Set of Treble-bob Majors, being the Shortest time ever known,
Melon
Ex patria volamus
Wild Goose a hoy! lower your Studding Sails and heave to! I Want company for a long Voyage.
"No sooner had Napoleon aligted *BRACKETED* , & entred a miserable house for refreshment, then a party of Cossacks rushed in after him—Never was Miss Platoff *BRACKETED* so near Matrimony!!! Had not the Emperor been very alert at Vaulting and leapt through the Window, with the nimbleness of an Harlequin, while his faithfull followers were fighting for his life, there would, probably, have been an end at once to that Grand Bubble, the French Empire
The Hole in the Wall *BRACKETED* By Jimmy Jumps from the Dunghill—Good accommodation for Travellers NB Hot Baths &c.
The Wit's Magazine
The Wit's Magazine
Droll
Appeal to Heaven
Paul's Petition
Rising Sun \\ Eclipse
Money Chest
Catholic *BRACKETED* mancipation
Portland Stone
A General View of Bolton
My Dr Friend Satan if Wilkes should undecieve  OPEN>> m
Jesuits Hall June 1, 1771 Sr...
I'll Insure you ye P---n---ss D------gr, Bte, & N-----th's *BRACKETED* favrs and all my Frds at Court
And I'll give you absolution for all, past Present & to come
Jn° Wilkes Esqr; . . . But I hope I have escap'd the infection . . .
To Lord N-----th My lord I shall persue such measures as will be to Your interest in opposing W-----kes Your &c. P. H---rn
. . .is now to support the cause of my Master and ye M--n--try
Oh! my belly! my belly! Oh the water the water!
Old Tom
Here Madam Here's Old Tom *BRACKETED* , they say he's a famous Docter for the Belly Ache
let me advice you to put Old Tom in.!
Brandy the specific for the Belly Ache George & I always recomend Brandy.
Three seconds more will produce a Motion.
Well I declare I see nothing extroardinary to look at!!
Well Jhan she doant look a bit better than Oul Granny
Who said she did? Eh Dame
Self Feeling
Protection
Comfort
Shelter me from the horrid Spectre
Nand . . . . r's Trial
Let desert mount
The Vicar & Moses
Tobacco
Tol de rol de rol ti dol
di dol
Vent du nord
Russie
Prusse
Autriche
Moscow
Vienne
*BRACKETED* adrid
Berlin
*BRACKETED* andrie
Marengo
Levée en masse
conscription de 1815
decrét du Senat
Deceit
Pride
Corrupt par ...
Loane Lottery
Rebellion
Well sister, what hast thou got, for the ingredients of our Charmd Pot
A Beast from Scotland, tis call'dan Er--skin, famous for Duplicity low Art & Cunning - the other a Monster who'd spurn even at Charters Rights
I am like a Proteus can turn to any Shape from a Sailor to a Lawyer, and always lean to the Strongest Side
Over the Water and over the Lee Thro Hell I woud follow my Charlee
- O you Prussian Marauder, you! - what I've caught you at last? - what, You took me for a double-faced-Talleyrand! did you? - did you think I was like yourself, to Look One way & Row another? - what you thought because I make Loyal Speeches now, that I must be a Turncoat? - O you Frenchified Villain! - I'll teach you to humbug & insult my poor, dear, dear Master? - & to join with such Rascals as Boney, & O'Conner!
indeed! indeed! indeed! I could not help it. -  OPEN>>  Meanwhile, Napoleon, holding his sabre, and wearing feathered bicorne, with spurred jack-boots, furtively hastens up to Fox from behind, to read the open book which the latter displays to him behind his back:  OPEN>> State of the Nation
All gentlemen Voluntiers who will serve his Majesty Carlo Khan, repair to the Portland Block, or the Sign of the Duke------
Coalition
N
Present Pay, good Quarters and a handsome Landlady
Join the Coalition and you shall be cloathed
Serjeant Kite & Corporal Trim for ever!
Sublime & Beautiful
Sung by Mr Incledon, in his Popular Entertainment of Hospitality.
Come Measter I be's going to sing, - At least I be's going to try, . . . Some dig for this thing some for that, But sexton digs for all
Vive le Egalité
Navy of England to be retaind viz: 50000 Seamen & half a Dozen Ships of War - 500000 Sailors to be sent to plant Potatoes.
10 000 heavy reasons for giving the Enemy a fair chance of getting out of their Ports.
Advantages of cold oeconomy
Improvements in the Art of Political Dunging and Pursuits of Agriculture.
The Apostate Laird - a Parliamentary Romance - together with Loss of the Agricultural Arm
Democratic Verbosity
Pigs Meat: or new method of feeding the Swinish Multitude
Table of Weights & Measures laid down upon the true democratic Principle of the Stilliards of Egalité
Plucking or Peeling
The best parts of the Swan-River Settlement, only to be got at through the hands of Mr Thos P—l!!!
Cousin Bob's letter did the job I shall feather my nest however.
Satirist
Unnumber'd throngs on ev'ry side are seen, Of bodies chang'd to various forms by spleen, Here living tea-pots stand, one arm held out, One bent; the handle this, and that the spout;
Whitbread Entire
Hymns
A Pipkin, there, like Homer's tripod, walks;
Pickles of all sorts
Here sighs a jar,------
------ And there a goose-pie talks;
Foolscap
Men prove with child, as pow'rful fancy works,
Sherry
And maids, turn'd bottles, call aloud for corks.
Presented by the Directory
Listen to our proposals Mounseer, Peace shall be at your Command and our Troops shall be With-drawn.
Pray do not be blind to your own Interest - Consider the Delivery of Europe - let us once more rank you with the number of the Glorious Allies
The Beggar's Opera: How Happy could I be with either, Where the other dear Charmer away, But while you thus teaze me together To neither a word will I say But Tol-lol-lol-lol-loldera &c
the Admiration of the World
the Envy of Surrounding Nations
&c &c
Q
Push-Pin
Dutch Sam
go it Duff that your sort *BRACKETED* .
I say Jack D—me how the Baker Knock's him about I'm afraid he'll make a Dead man of him.
Yes he is marking weight on his Loaf.
O dish will be my ruin Dush Sham is a Bad shilling,
Yesh, Yesh.
I hopes sham vill knock his pork chops about.
Ah 'tis a shocking shites
D—d Bad Bargens to day
There he goes right and left.
done 6 to one
done.
—The Bible—
The form of Ordination for a Preist
Take heed lest ye meet with Wolves in Sheeps Cloathing Mind what I say not what I do!!—Yorkshire Parson—mark those who cause contentions among you, and avoid them.
Riot Act
Command Signatures to Loyal Address &c &c &c
Orders To Tory Yeomanry
Sidmouths Circular
Mercy
Humility
Forbearance
Love
quick forgiveness
Divine Attributes
Long Suffering
Persuasion
You must protect the Aggressors—
The Quorum *BRACKETED* meet on — a fine fat Buck &c.
Barry's method of Cheating at Cards
Thoughts on Huting *BRACKETED* and Shooting
Betting at Tattersals
Boxing to take Place
Trade
Arts
Peace
Comfort
Liberty
Property
Retir'd from Duty
Opposition
Budget
Tax
Tax's
Taxes
Oh! my hard Fate!
You old Fool if you ever *BRACKETED* me again with your Stupid epistles I will expose you in the public Papers Peggy Perkins.
No Cure no Pay.
The one end of a Rope fasten over a beam And make a slip noose at the other extreme, . . . The cricket *BRACKETED* kick'd down let him take a fair swing And leave all the rest of the work to the string. Last MD invt.
1s/6d
cit
The Bread is out of my reach, & these cursed Taxes will break my back, that large one will do for me.
Duty on Manufactorys
a Death Blow for Trade
Windows
Batchelers Tax
*BRACKETED* on Shops
New House Duty
New Taxes
Property Tax
I'm off.
go along! now we shall not pay a farthing Taxes.
1000,000
Huzza! nor we in the Funds.
Huzza Huzza.
Nor we Landholders, tho we have raised our rents Treble on account of this very Tax.
This is glorious, we are to pay no Taxes.
£30,000
tax-eater
Friend John in Consideration of your present Distress I in behalf of the Q—n return my Share— but patience lohn—Things will soon work of themselves—
Consolidated Fund Chest
Rapacious Wolves Blood-Suckers—to rob me thus after the Noble example of your K—g my patience is exhausted
We must provide ourselves against the March of Reform
£20,000
Kings shou'd Sacrifice for the Good of their Subjects
Reform
lady paupers
Anticipation
Infamy
Green Linnet
34
GG
Bills
O. damn this business—notwithstanding I escaped the Indictment I have jump'd out of the fry-pan into the fire, I dread the Idea of Joining my new Regiment. I exchanged to escape the alternative of being ****** but these infernal caricatures will drive me to desperation I wish I had spirit enough to shoot myself —If these reach the Regt I'll be sent to Coventry for ever!
The Cockney Petition! - Enter - Mr Noodle & Mr Doodle - .
humble Petition my Liege
Petition Me no such Petition's Mr Noodle.
No Knighting to day Mr Doodle!
Cockney Petition
The Westminster Petition - a kick-out from Wimbleton.
Out with 'em! they are too Bad for Us.
Club of Reform
Out Monsters! hav'nt they clear'd Portugal of the Enemy's Army!! Sheridan hurries off, waving his  OPEN>> Westminster Petition - Charges of Ignorance Disloyalty Negligence Inability
Republican Snuff
Cobbetts Weekly Political Register
Morning Chronicle
Convention of Cintra
Times
Fodder
The Chelmsford Petition. - Broad-Bottom-Patriots *BRACKETED* addressing the Essex Calves!
O this cursed Convention! It's all the fault of the damn'd Ministry by not sending me out to Portugal!!! - O damme, if I had had, but one of my Legs in the Tagus, I'd have Convention'd and D'Abrante'd 'em!! - ah! it was all for want of Me! Gentlemen Calves! - it's all for want of Me all this happen'd. All for want of Me!!!
Ay! its all for want of us!
Essex Petition - Horrid Convention - Ministers Firing the Park Guns - Armistice in French lang *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Behind stand Petty, waving his hat and shouting  OPEN>> Bravo
Essex Calves to be Sold to the best Bidder - for Particulars Enquire at the Broadbottom Market.
- The Middlesex-Petition! - Hackney Orators inspiring the Independent Blue & Buff Intent -.
O Infamous Convention! Inquiry wo'nt do! - Instant Justice! - cut off their Heads, & Try them - afterwards!
Ay! Cut off their Heads first
Ay Heads first
Heads first.
I dont, vunder I looks black I has all the dirty work in the Parish to do
Thus I stand like the Turk with his Doxies around, &c.
The Throne of France
Bluchers Black Draught
Holland
Moscow
Saxony
Florence
Rome
Portugal
Vienna
Poland
Milan
Spain
Switzerland
Dantzic
Tyrant
main de Justice
Boney Canker of our Joys, Now thy tyrant reign is o'er Fill the Merry Bowl my Boys join in Bacchanalian roar. Seize the Villain plunge him in see the hated miscreant dies Mirth & all thy train come in, Banish Sorrow tears & sighs.
The Loyalist's Magazine
The Kings Head
Mother Red Cap
Un Sun'd Snow NB  OPEN>> The Times
Queens Mixture
Qu *BRACKETED* Entire
The Original Brunswick House of Call for Loyalists—Pure Wine—Good Spirits —Sound Ale
The Brunswick Radical House of Call Italian Wines Bergamy Perry *BRACKETED* No Adulteration! NB Good accomodation for all sorts of Cattle. Whitbread's Entire *BRACKETED* —Small Beer.
Come my old friend—dont take your defeat so much to heart—You fought well! & altho
Poh! I threw no paying stone at you—but you all like to have a dash at the Old Chancellor!
There he is—just like an old white Lion
Napoleons Taschenbuch
Leipzig
Elba
Moskau
Trafalgar
*BRACKETED* ris
Lioner Pasq *BRACKETED* le 4500 Fr.
31 Bull *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Immediately above Napoleon's head is suspended a Damocles-sword, the hilt formed of a small ship inscribed  OPEN>> Usher
V
R
Robinsonaden
Antikencabinet
S Bitt
Zukunft
Belohnungen
Cal.—Heil Napo . . .
Menteur
Moniteur
Proclamation for Dissolution from a Broad Bottom
R--y--l Inflammable Air
Neighbours I Have Lost the Seal
Wishes of the People
Air Balloons
Wishes of the People
Temple
Firm
Asleep
Which is the way to London?
Why thro
John Bull
Sam House
It's a D------d lie - if it was Possible he should do that Id go back again and raise a Regiment against him.
Lee Shore
Studiis et rebus . . . *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , serpents are twisted round his arms. He says,  OPEN>> I wish they would bring an action for ingratitude I'll plead for them gratis worse than a Counsellor by G--d.
Millions unaccounted for
Oh I shall soon Embrace the Dear Dark Rogue
D------Ja------bs
Charles Fox Join'd Lord Hood to Sneak in to Westminster & then told his Patriotic Supporters they had no money
Yes by Jacob and that moment I went home burnt his D------nd Picture Cut up the Blue & buff Curtains for Childrens pilches and gave the maid my Buff waistcoat *BRACKETED* , to make Dishclouts
Any News about the Test act
Do Justice Love Mercy
Do No Murder
Sanguineos oculos volvit, virgamque requirit
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Formidable
You have fought me handsomely
I was glad of the Opportunity
Huzza
Huzza Rodney
Legion of Honor
Lucien Kick your Wife and Children out of doors, I shall marry you to a Princess and make you King of Rome, comply immediately or dread the Vengeance of your Brother *BRACKETED* Napoleon
Votre Serviteur Mr Lucien!!—your Imperial Brother is determined to make you great and happy,—there are the terms
Ah my dear Lucien! here is an end to our domestic peace and happiness,
He seems determined to make me a Villain! hut I am determined there shall be one honest man in the family, and will fly to that Country, where character is respected
Then lets go to England Father for that is the only place where Honor and Virtue find partizans
Sister is that a friend of my Uncles
Brandy
This is a Priest, made  OPEN>> according to Law
I H S
G P R
Keys of Paris
Th-th-th-there's Paris for you, damme! did not I say I'd take it? -th-thats all! - a-a-and here's all the Plunder of France! and all the Heads of the whole nation of Sans Culottes, damme! - if y-y-you will do me any honor, why do it; - if not, why even take the next Paris yourself, damme! - look  OPEN>> e I expect to be made either a Cæsar or an Alexander! ------, d-d-d-d-damme!
What! what! Keys of Paris! Keys of Paris! give us hold! gads bobs, its nothing but, Veni, with you, lad, hay? Veni, Vidi? - ay, ay! Veni, Vidi, Vici! - ay, ay.
Vive la Liberta
Vive la Lib . .
Authentic Journal - Issuing Manifesto's - Taking Dunkirk *BRACKETED* 1500 Barrels of Gunpowder 32 pieces of Cannon, & killing 5000 Troops, - sending off 10000 to the hospitals in Flanders - marching into the heart of France, & finishing the War without expence. Js Suckfizzle Secretary.
Here's something like a List of glorious Actions! - well, let them that come after us do as much as we have done, and the Campaign will soon come to a conclusion.
Assignats
Wooden Shoes of the Poissards
Breeches of the Sans Coulotte *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , a pot from which frogs are leaping. Pitt sits on the dais at the King's left hand; he writes on papers which he supports on his up-drawn knees:  OPEN>> Bricks Rum - Brandy Water Air
new Taxes not to be felt by the Swinish Multitude
loan of Eleven Millions.
Two Millions Pr Annm
Spy Money 40000 pr A
for Flatterers & Toad-eaters *BRACKETED* 10000 pr A
Pin Money 50000 p Ann
for Private Whim Wham *BRACKETED* 50000 pr *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . At the King's right hand are three large bags inscribed  OPEN>> for Horses Hound *BRACKETED* & other Nicknackatories
Bedford Arms
Betty Canning
Oath
What will become of me? Oh! dear! that I should thus fall between two Coronets.
Best Fools cap for Pamphlet and Last Shift
Go in my dear, sweet, lovely, charming, harmless, innocent, innoxious, immaculate heavenly, blessed, angelic, celestial Cherub - her Grace will protect us, and I have preserved the necessary Materials, and I'll warrant, I'll give them a three Shilling Touch -  OPEN>> . In the centre an old woman *BRACKETED* in profile to the right stops with a broom an angry officer *BRACKETED* who brandishes a musket by the barrel, howling,  OPEN>> I'll not rest till I have blown them to Italy, Dam'me
Harris List
Stop most valiant Sir, you shall pursue the children of Israel no further, my house is their Asylum, it was bravely done to strip and turn them out penny less - Oh! fie! fie! You a Father and Husband! I am ashamed of you.
I am as much in the dark as ever - I can discove no clue to get to the bottom of this very mysterious Affair
Truth they say lies in a Well - Tol de rol lol I have kicked up a fine dust with our galloping Mare
Be assured it is an excellent beverage for Gentlemen who have been a long time at sea.
Why lookee Ma-am I dont wish to be unpolite But if your Ladyships Honor pleases—I had rather hang fire—a bit—for d'ye see it gave our Poll, the belly ache—and D—n the Gripes, I never could bear them they twiddled me up decently when I was last in the Meditaranean.
D—d Queer Tipple to be sure!
Harkee young two-shoes *BRACKETED* —go and get me a pint of half and half and a Squeeze of Lemon —for D—n me if I could drink it neat if I was never to weigh Anchor Again.
Thou shalt not Commit Adultery
To Hanover
Providing 100 . . A rarræ show 1000 . . . one from the country just imported 2000 . . breaking a reflecter 100 . . Myself 2000 . . an Entertainment 500 . . Sky Rocket 100
what! I suppose you don't know me then aye - aye - you think to come Falstaf over us do you.
what won't you come pound
Left standing 1000
my Nose 20
Black Joke 300
Black Moll Hedge Lane
come Massa come & settle my count de affair you know has been long Standing
bill Annuities A first Slice of a nice tit bit only 12 years and 6 Hours - 1000. Ditto Warranted aetat 40 - 2000, . . .
how he stares he seems to be struck Comical
Maidenhead
Cries of London
Le--Gagne--Petit
Enquiry
inversion
sarcasm
incrementum
Fluidity
Collective Ideas
St James's St
To be Sirs Ingenious I'll tell you my Mind 'tis for What I can get Makes me Willing to Grind.
Poisson-Salé
Much-Ado about Nothing Principle Performer Mr B------e with The Fathless Irishman
Impeachment of Warren Hastings a Farce, as performed by the Tools of Faction St Stephens Chaple
Salt Fish ho 'tis I Who late Amused you all by Crying Hastings
The Wit's Magazine
The Wit's Magazine
Public Advertiser
The Bell
Roberts
Wedgewood Ware
Staffordshire Ware
Derby Porcelain
Worcestershire
Porcelain
Wool
Printed Calico
Woodstock Gloves
Leather
Fleecy Hosiery
Staffordshire Shoes
Norwich Shawl
Birmingham Steel
Pig Iron
British Spirits
Maidstone Geneva
London Porter
Patent Coffins
Sugar
Block Tin
Birmingham Buttons
Pray Mr Commerce dont overwhelm me - and I will take off de Grande Blockade of Old England.
Blockade my Country indeed! I'll shew you the Power of Commerce - take that and that and then to Breakfast with what appetite you may.
Lecture on Toad Stools
A Review of Anitomacal Discoveres
Rien que Pissie.
Arse *BRACKETED* in Presenti.
ABC
Invent. Portum.
The late Bill
I hope B——the people dont suffer their indignation to break forth into acts of violence
Oh no!—They keep their indignation at present under marvellous control They don't suffer it to break so much as a pane of Glass—
Gin Shop
blow away my old dad
That i will for what they save in Bread theyl spend in Gin
Aye now we shall have Bread cheaper no more Adulteration my boys.
The Companys Barge
I had rather be Elevated in Mark Lane *BRACKETED* then be in thare
Ill say I did not be long to the Company.
They look D--d Sulkey about it
Pot 8 o
Indian Wheat
Sallying forth upon their renowned expedition, for the redress of grievances, the righting of wrongs, and the Reform of Abuses
OPEN>> I beseech your Worship, good Sir Knight-errant, that you forget not your promise concerning that same Island; for I shall know how to govern it, be it never so big
Scourge
The two first chapters of the Book of Drury, and of Acts of Samuel
New Drury Brewing Vat
Arnolds Swiss Banditti
Raymonds Life of Dermody
Expectations
Subscriptions
Promises
For Profits
Profits!!!! D—me if any will come.
4000 Pr Anm
1000 Pr Anm
Hamlet the Du *BRACKETED* of Norfolk Ophelia Miss Tidswell
Oh! that this too, too solid flesh would melt!
Jocky of Norfolk be not so bold.
The Wonder Don Felix Mr Elliston Isabella *BRACKETED* Countess of Buck
O! Whiskeranda Whiskeranda O.
Rejected Addresses
Lord B—s Add *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Above his head a notice is pinned to a column:  OPEN>> A Map of Holland
Well! well! you voted with us B. the prize shall be Yours
Monologue
Stop! good Doctor! one Murder is enough I do not wish to suffer the same fate with Lucretius.
Let us cram it down John Bulls Throat Father.
Mellon payable at Coutts
The Vertious Cortezan or generous Cut Throat MS
The Sleeping Beauty
Highgate Tunnel
Rejected Addresses
Orgers Ovid
Oh! my Vife my Vife.
Mayor of Garratt
Fixture Dimond Small Beer
Fixture Lewis's Gun Powder
New Regulations
1
6
H. Combe.
Choice Spirits
What have these to do here?
New Regulations
Hic Jacet Georgius Cook—Heu Heu Heu
the genius of the drama
Scourge
We shall resume our Situation here at pleasure Leo Rex
Strayed
Prithee Billy dismount before ye get a fall - and let some abler Jockey take Your Seat.
If this Horse is not tamed he will soon be Absolute King of our Forest.
Magna Charta Bill of Rights Constitution
Pre-ro-ro-ro-ro-ro-ro-rogative
My faithful Commons
Bravo - Go it again - I love to ride a metal Steed Send the Vagabonds packing.
A Scene in a New Play lately acted in Westminster with distinguished Applause. Act 2nd Scene last
Recieved the conten -  OPEN>> , saying,  OPEN>> Hoot Mon, doo-na daub your fingers in that away, I ha Waste-paper enou to supply aw Scotland.
Be you sure tho they wanna be wanted?
Ay We have been useing it in this way for a long while, and have saved a great deal of Money by it.
Draughts on Coutts
Joint Profits
Navy Accomt for -  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Bankers Checks
Bills Discounted
Prominence, 1785
Prominence, 1793
Virgin Shape
cit
Reform
And once more Johnny Bull liv'd in
Town Talk
box
Heaven endued me with the powers of pleasing thee Epimetheus; and now let us give loose to our love and rejoice that we possess the power and the privelige to make the world fear and remember us.
O Pandora! I almost repent this fatal curiosity. See what a number of plagues we have let loose upon the world, the sufferings we have entailed on mankind by this step, will induce them to brand us with everlasting curses.
Oh Jupiter, Jupiter! why did'st thou give the power of opening that d—d box to any who had not sence enough to keep it shut. I look'd for happiness but now my days are shortened and my grey hairs will come with sorrow to the Grave, alas poor Bull.
Essay on Patience
Lovely Princess the afflicted world looks to thee for help and Happiness!
Alas, Hope alone remains to the world, and she directs her imploring eye to me, had I but the power how quickly would I heal the wounds made by those fiends of darkness, and restore to men Liberty and Peace.
Share of New Dr *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; he extends an imploring arm to the Regent. The other figures proceed from the box and from left to right across the room. They are headed by Bellona in Roman dress with a sword in her right hand; she holds up a fire-brand and looks down at a paper which Castlereagh, who clasps her arm, displays to her. On this is the word  OPEN>> Spain
Walcheren
Dispatch from Lord Wellington for
Ether
Old Leo
Budget
Discord
Taxes for 1812
Plague
box
War
Famine
Discord
Pestilence
Drun *BRACKETED* en *BRACKETED* ess
Disease
Old Age
Envy
For Ever
Gin Trap
St
Jack Straw
Gin
Straw
State / of the / Poll / Octr 12th / Calvart—2142 / Thornton—1766 / Burdett —515
My honourable & learned Friend wishes to Enroll himself among Your Grace's political Friends.
Oxford Almanack
Velno
Historians report, the Old Woman wou'd not have thought of looking for her Daughter in the Oven, if she had never been there herself
enfournes le tout ensemble Messieurs.
cit
My dear Cousin Bull - I have a request to make you - the good people whom I govern, have been so lavish of their favours towards me - that they have exhausted every title in the Empire - therefore in addition I wish you to make me a Knight of Malt - a
"I'll see you D------d first!! you know I told you so before
Query! does not the Emperor mean by this rightequest to become Collector of the Revenues of Mess Whitbread, Thrale &c, &c, &c.
The Ton: Anecdotes, Chit-Chat, Hints and On Dits; Dedicated to all the Gossips. By the Author of The Greeks, the Pigeons, Fashion, Modern Belles, Modern Beaux. To Night, Dress and Address, Life, High and Low, &c . . . London: Printed for J. J. Stockdale, No. 41, Pall Mall. 1819.
See See!
bill, his whole bill, and nothing but his Bill.
Court of Bankruptcy Bill
HIC TACIT *BRACKETED* | REFORM | Obiit Octbr 8 1831
RESURGAM
Hollo, Stop, Stop, we don't want that word
Yes it must be so, the mourners will have it
THE FRY-ER OF ORDERS GREY
Patent Refor *BRACKETED* Rang *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , marked with the Royal Arms. Brougham *BRACKETED* , in wig and gown, sits in profile to the left on a large volume,  OPEN>> Coke up *BRACKETED* Lytt *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , a broom between his knees. With a big pair of bellows inscribed  OPEN>> The Times
Public Spirit
Exit-er Exit
E
Done Brown
Do you take Blackguard?
Dont tell me of prayer and fasting I've something else to attend to
Oh its a vulgar herror I gets my dust at the vest end & I knows as how reform's weray ungenteel
My darling Cock my Philipot why crow you thus so soon the fear that you will go to pot already makes me swoon
Oh mother, mother stay me not the Grey ey'd morn appears I'll over crow him ere his *BRACKETED* hot and settle his hash with us peers
Key For Ever
Laurie for Ever
Key & Reform
Hurra, Key for ever
Key and Reform
Run Run Aldermen all, for our Stout Champion's got a great fall
Laurie And The Order of Succession
There's an oss as good as hever vent on fore legs
Don't you think he's werry thin tho' He looks as if he'd dined last Lord Mare's Day
Pull Pat pull pig
Out of the way you young Blackguard
You was black before you was boiled
Is a Calf's head or an Alderman's the thickest
The Address to Aldn Thompson requesting him to serve the office of chief Magistrait Lies
I pray thee remember the 9th of November
Farebrother Auctioner
Wilson fetch me my Hammer
The Political House that Jack built
To assert the Rights of Man
To avenge the wrongs of woman.
On Rosy Bed by Tinckling Billy
cit
On Rosy Bed
Water Part ....
Honi • Soit • Qui • Mai • Y • Pense
Honi . . . Pe *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The King *BRACKETED* , looking towards Wellington's grim profile, says:  OPEN>> I always drive my own Cab May be as you say a Rum un to look at but She is a good Un to go!
snug sinecure
swallow the oaths
Divide and then Conquer
1 The Monarch,
2 His Confessor
3 General Santerre
4 The Mayor of Paris
Johnny, Newcome landing in the Wt Indies
Johnny situated as Clerk of stores
Johnny enamoured with Nymphs bathing
Johnny on a Country excursion
Johnny enjoying the sports of the field
Sangaree
Johnny Preachee and Floggee poor Mungo
Sangaree
chinoiseries
"And feel by turns the bitter change of fierce extremes,  OPEN>> extremes by change more fierce. Milton.
Rights and Wrongs
Bulse
I have thrown off the Mask. I can blind the people no longer and must now carry every thing by my bought Majority.
What are Childrens rights to Ambition - I will rule in spite of them if I can conceal things at Q.
To Tower Hill by B------m *BRACKETED* house
So many Scotchmen have left their heads behind in this d------d tower for treason I begin to tremble as much as thief in the rear for my own.
Skulking in the rear out of sight suits best my character.
Hic jacet
An Old Woman Clothed in Grey Whose daughter was charming and Young
I hope You'll give it in soon for I am allmost tire'd of it
This is a favorite tune of mine my Young Friend and I think I keep time extremely well considering I hobble a little
let's dance this a little more and try the trip to Whatdo'you call it.
Oh do lets have a trip to what d'ye call it.
L G his cane
Black Dwarf, as in No. 12892, who registers extreme rage or terror. Grantham has enormous moustaches, which fly upwards on each side of his head. A lion's skin hangs from his shoulders, with a solid head which snarls savagely. He wears a bell-shaped shako, long tight trousers strapped under boots, and immense spurs. His left arm, terminating in a huge fist, is extended horizontally. On the left a knock-kneed yokel with bristling moustaches and wearing the cap of a Death's Head hussar, grins in oafish delight, saying,  OPEN>> Well done Col.! well done our side!!! my Zoul! what Honnor this will bring upon our Corpse!!! and if any more Dwarfs or Devils attack's our Regemunt Lord Grant'them all the zame fate, I zay!!
Black Dwarf
Strictures on the York Hussars
York you are not wanted
The Devil to Pay
a Lame Story to the Yellow Bonze at Japan
universal Suffrage
Then a Soldier, full of Strong Oaths & bearded like the Pard Jealous in Honor Sudden & quick in quarrel seeking the bubble Reputation Ev'n in the printing office
The Yellow Bonze
Potatoes
Stop! Stop! ye Scoundrils we shall Soon be after coming up wit ye.
By Jasus if we follow them up at this rate we shall soon see the Tieves out of sight.
Hubbubboo! how the Rogues run their's no overtaking them.
The Wit's Magazine
Tything Table
Rambler's Magazine
derrière
Graphic Illustrations of Hogarth
Rambler's Magazine
Satirist
O heavy lightness! serious vanity / Mis-shapen chaos of well seeming forms!
Oh Romeo! Romeo! wherefore art thou Romeo?
Come hither Man I see that thou / are *BRACKETED* poor, Hold, there's forty Ducats.
"Is this that Gallant Gay Lothario
Because it the measures of Justice had foiled,
Office *BRACKETED* al
National
whil'st the roaring of the Cannon at Paris, could be dis¬tinctly heard
Victory is certain.
"They cry
Vive la Chart
In the small square of the Palais Royal, a Captain hesitating to commence the dreadful work of slaughter, the Lieutenant shot him through the heart, at the same time exclaiming to the Soldiers—fire! a command too promptly obeyd-
The 5th regiment were ordered  OPEN>> Make ready!
Present!
Fire!
Two of the National guard, intrenched themselves behind a low wall, in front of the Louvre from whence they fired with admirable precision. Many fell in constructing the Barrier, one shrieked out  OPEN>>  Vive la Nation
I was *BRACKETED* oblidged to shoot him through the arm which reminded him I was a friend of his Cousins, so I took him under my protection, had his mustachious shaved, gave him some wine & bread, with that pair of trousers & jacket, for I could not bear the sight of his Butcher dress
A little Savoyard, who was accustomed to take his stand on the Boulevard, was observed among the strife & uproar, to be grinding his Hurdy-gurdy with the greatest sang froid
"My friend
I'll give you 100 francs for your piece.
its my best friend
I will give you 500
seized a cannon  OPEN>> It is ours
I will die rather than surrender it
A Boy scarcely more than twelve years of age went between two mounted Gens d'armes and shot them both dead in the same instant
exhibited an affecting spectacle: on one of the evenings, all the women who had stalls there, were employed at thier doors making lint & bandages for the wounded
Mad Plume
Quens *BRACKETED* Lodge Estimate £600 000
No Sir Jeffery, the public Nash their teeth at my predecessors building fancies
What do I hear? it makes me sick, denied the office of the stick, / How Royally  OPEN>> twould have propt me but it, / Cant be mine & so I'll cut it
"Since Habit shirts are all the plan
I vow I will have one
look well t'it
"The School Master's abroad
Never fear My worthy Friend. When I have administered due correction to these naughty children, You will recover yourself
The schoolmaster then is abroad: a sentence pro-nounced with as much fear and trembling by some, as if the church were to be pulled down by his doings.
When the King gave  OPEN>> The Duke of Wellington
It was seen by all around the reception this toast met with from the Duke of Cumberland, who was turning his glass upside down.
. . . he has been forced to employ the good offices of the man whom he insulted in order to be reconciled with his justly offended host
A slap at slop
City Road
Kings Head
Tottenham Court Road
Hang out our banners on the autward walls, The Cry is still they come, and let them come we'll give them a warm reception Now my noble friends stand by me Now my brave John is the time, rember *BRACKETED* the glory of your Ancestors, the safety of your Church of your King your Wives & Children, I for one will fight till my last drop of blood is spilt in the glorious cause, second me and we'll soon beat back these double faced turn Coats.
Dom um let um come on Weel soon punish the Varmints.
Bravo my Lord I for one will stand by you—.
No Popery
villians
Petition against Concession 200000
Signed by all England against Concession
Signed by 20 000 Men
Petition by 10,000 000
Signed by 40000000 People
Forward to the Breach follow your General.
Petition for Concessions signed by 20000 and Concession the only Safety
Forward, Forward! my brave followers the breach is made, recollect the Crown of glory that awaits your noble endeavours to plant the colors of your faith on the walls of the constitution, your adversaries are old and feeble One more vigorous effort and then you are masters of the fortress & then we can command.
Honesty
Truth
Perpetual Exclusion is the only Safety
Petition for . . .
signed by 200 000 0000
Magna Charta
Rights of Englishmen
Protestant Succession
Now the mischiefs on foot let it work
Rent
O'Connell for ever
Popery for ever
E . . . pation
His Majesty took Coffee with Lady Curtis, at 12 O'clock on Monday Night, & did not retire to roost *BRACKETED* rest untill near 3 0'Clock.
The Rambler's Magazine
You shall come in Charley
This was design'd for the Admiral, I'm not used to Salt Water
She has given you a Broadside
It does not rain but it pours
This is striving against the Stream
Drown the Rascal
Walpole said every Man had his Price but Alass! I never could find out any of your Prices.
A Poor Atonement this for Millions &c.
A Poor Atonement do you call it Ned! Egad it would have been adevil of a Job for me, if my F------r had made such an atonement for------Unaccounted Millions.
Dont you remember Sheri------that my now Rt Honble Friend often threat'ned to bring me to this or the Block
Psha Fred - you know that was only to frighten you from your Station - &c - but drive on, or our friend Edmund will stand preaching here all day
The cut may be more according to rule, and the stuff more fashionable, but I begin to doubt that they will fit more comfortably or wear better than my old discarded everlastings
Oh! we of the new school, reject such Old fashioned notions altogether:— we cut upon the most theoretic and geometric principles, as for the stuff it is I assure you now all the vogue on the continent but should it be *BRACKETED* any accident burst, in the march of intellect *BRACKETED* , we will be happy to patch & piece it up again for you
I never thought to see our poor old friend a sans culotte
They promised that the stuff should be Cord de Roy but if I am not much mistaken, it is arrant fustian!
Alas! poor inexpressibles! We ne'er shall look upon your like again
gunpowder jowl
C. F.
M. R.
I have now not fifty ducats in the World & yet I am in love
A Scene in Palace Yard.
No Popery
No Catholic Ministers
N° 4 The Chronologist
cit
Reform Ball
I'll bet a Crown Jonney you don't knock 'em down in two throws
Done for a Sovereign Billy
Exeter
Wellington
Cumberland
Londonderry
Wetherell
Eldon
Puy a Proom
The Union Skittle ground NB. No Trust
Master Boney with his fol der lol le / I buffet away on the Plain Sir N° 1.
N 2 and I'll assist your worships Fist with all my Might and Main Sir.
and I'll have a Thump / although he's so plump N° 3.
and we'll make such a woundy racket N° 4.
we'll ramp we'll Swear N° 5.
We'll Tear N 6.
Oh Rare N 7.
I warant we'll Pepper his Jacket N 8.
a Farce Performed with Great Eclat at the National Theatre in the Netherlands
Equerry to a Great Personage *BRACKETED* and Master of-a-little-Horse
Alas! poor Fox your die is Cast, You're trap'd with all your Triks at last.
O Charming Dutchess mourn my fate, But think upon the Tempting bait.
Guilty Death
By my faith I'll no
Oh! Dr Van Ass leave not the ruins of my body behind you! for there is no fit resting place for me in Scotland! had not my Earl Street friends and that pitiful wretch Anglicanus deceived me, I never would have come here
Earl Street Association
Confound these cold hearted, bare legged savages! I fear the look of them; and that Christian Instructor leads them all by the nose, I fear to turn back
- Campbell Esqr
Honored by Idol Bel
Earl Street 4th April 1826
I'll save this package at least, for my friend lohn *BRACKETED* , it will be a valuable gift for his friends in Wallachia. This defeat will grieve him sore
Christian Instructor
Stop thou heretic! while I have this weapon and an arm to wield it, thou shalt never introduce into our country, such infamous packages.  OPEN>> As Scotchmen *BRACKETED* , Sir, let me tell you, that you are no longer |  OPEN>> worthy to tread upon our soil. Leave us; we are well content \\  OPEN>> to be without you, and without all who act & think as you do!  OPEN>> Lay down that package of unholy books or I'll smite thee to the dust! thou traitor to the land which has adopted thee as her son
Haddington
Brownie
Ma conscience! what a fine figure this ham of the Dragon will make the Beau Ideal's *BRACKETED* Larder, and it will delight the heart of Anglicana. I wish I had help with it for it is a sad weight!
A poetical epistle to James Barry, Esq.
passions dire
Loaves & Fishes
Bowels of Compassion for India
Majority of the House of Commons
Popularity
Oratory
Gun Powder
Pitt
Sun rise
Fox
Sun set
Kangaroo Cooke
To the green Isles of Plenty the British Ship steers, And wafted by Heav'n no rocks nor quicksands fears; But the boasted new Lugger, sage Radicals plann'd; O'erwhelm'd by the Ocean is wreck'd on the Strand
The Rotten Bourough Society Established in 1810 Gibery Vixe *BRACKETED* President Leatherbreech *BRACKETED* Vice—
Cobbetts Register
Magna Charte *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The others sit or stand in a shallow curve; on the extreme right one seated at a table writes on a paper inscribed  OPEN>> Breach of Privilege
Meetings of Freeholders Whig Club Speeches
Sinecures Secret Service Money
Pamphets
Civil List Reversions
Bill of Rights
Mr Satirist
View of the Tower
Monthly Statement of Politics
Statesman Caveo
Examiner a Watchful *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* upon You
Enquiries into the Expedition to Walcheren Quere if not Treason
Morning Chronicle knows no bounds and must be Checked
To the Keeper of Newgate
List of those who Voted in the Minority
Morn Post
Indepent *BRACKETED* Wig Society—Speech of the Chairman
Sarjant at Arms
Treasury Bench
Sir Francis Burdett committed to the Tower
Proclamation Privy Council Ministers Present
Coroners Inquest Justifiable Homicide
List of Promotions
Morning Post
Commitment of Jn° Gale Jones—
Assess'd Taxes
£ 1. 1s
2 Shilling
5 Shilling
Rum
Brandy
Red Port
To Gretna Green
f
Veichsel
Weichsel R. Ehrefort
R
Honi • Soit •
A
R
P
S
E
Napoleon
The First, and Last, by the Wrath of Heaven Emperor of the Jacobins, Protector of the Confederation of Rogues *BRACKETED* , Mediator of the Hellish *BRACKETED* League, Grand Cross of the Legion of Horror, Commander in Chief of the Legions of Skeletons left at Moscow, Smolensk *BRACKETED* , Leipzig, &c. *BRACKETED* , Head Runner of Runaways *BRACKETED* , Mock High-Priest of the Sanhedrim *BRACKETED* , Mock Prophet of Mussulmen *BRACKETED* , Mock Pillar of the Christian Faith *BRACKETED* , Inventor of the Syrian Method of disposing of his own Sick by sleeping Draughts *BRACKETED* , or of captured Enemies by the Bayonet *BRACKETED* ; First Grave-Digger for burying alive; Chief Gaoler of the Holy Father *BRACKETED* and of the King of Spain *BRACKETED* , Destroyer of Crowns, and Manufacturer of Counts, Dukes, Princes, and Kings *BRACKETED* ; Chief Douanier of the Continental System *BRACKETED* , Head Butcher of the Parisian *BRACKETED* and Toulonese Massacres *BRACKETED* , Murderer of Hoffer *BRACKETED* , Palm *BRACKETED* , Wright *BRACKETED* , nay, of his own Prince the noble and virtuous Duke of Enghien *BRACKETED* , and of a Thousand others; Kidnapper of Ambassadors *BRACKETED* , High-Admiral of the Invasion Praams *BRACKETED* , Cup-bearer of the Jaffa Poison *BRACKETED* , Arch-Chancellor of Waste-Paper Treaties, Arch-Treasurer of the Plunder of the World, the Sanguinary Coxcomb, Assassin, and Incendiary......to MAKE PEACE WITH !!! This Hieroglyphic Portrait of the DESTROYER is faithfully copied from a German Print, with the parody of his assumed titles *BRACKETED* . The  OPEN>> Hat. . .
Visage
Red Sea
Hand
Cobweb
Rambler's Magazine
Ah Madame it rises Majestically
I feel it does Signor
Damme he's no Italian but a man every Inch of him
oars
Act fo *BRACKETED* War
Sir, Amongst the many attacks which I have had this night to sustain, has been one from a flash of lightning - a Meteor, which wanders about, moving sometimes on one side, and sometimes on the other - a Meteor which to the rightegret of us all, has not been lately seen amongst us, but which upon its return has turned its blazing resentment upon me - but in whose fiery face I can look without terror or dismay. - vide Mr Pitt's reply to Mr Sheridan on the State of the Navy
P. P.
Demosthenes against Æschines
Cicero against Cataline
Justice
16000000 Roubles
Moderation
Moldavia Bessarabia Wallachia
Conjugal Love A Cure for the Haemerroidical Cholic
The Grecian Orator of old,  OPEN>> With scorn rejected Philip's Laws,  OPEN>> Indignant spurn'd at Foreign Gold,  OPEN>> And triumph'd in his Country's cause A foe to every wild extreme,  OPEN>> Mid civil storms, the Roman Sage Repress'd ambition's lawless scheme And check'd the madd'ning people's rage, - Domestic Peace, external fame, With Patriot zeal their Patrons sought And Rome's or Athen's sacred name, Inspird & govern'd every thought, Who then, in this presumptuous hour, Aspires to share th
DAY-BREAK AT THE NATIONAL SCOTCH CHURCH, REGENTS SQUARE. Refrain from these men, and let them alone; for if this Counsel, or this work be of men, it will come to nought; but if it be of God, ye cannot overthrow it. Gamaliel's Counsel, Acts Chap. IV
Revd E. Irving
Mr Tamplin
Mrs Hall
Mrs Carsdale
Flectere si nequeo superos acheronta movebo
Charter
Corporation Rights
Bill of Rights
Magna Chart *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . From the smoke and flames heads and other documents project: the heads of Wilkes *BRACKETED* with  OPEN>> N° 45
North Bri
Matchles
Register
Junius
Times
Patriotism
Paine
Rights of Man
Public Opinion
Go it Johnny Might will beat right
Bill of Reform
Kemble, hear—John Bull advises—To save your fame—And sink your Prices!!!
This is the House that Jack built
To prevent Mistakes say—Boxes—6s. Pitt—3s 6d. no Cat's
Old Prices
Be Firm and Conquest is sure
These are the Boxes . . .
pigeon-holes
No Pigon *BRACKETED* Holes
Old Prices No Catalani
Old Pr *BRACKETED* No Catalani No Privte Boxes or Pige *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Below:  OPEN>> These are the Pigeon-holes . . .
This is the Cat . . .
Old Prices No Catalani
Bow Wow Wow
This is John Bull ...
Trap
This is the Thief-taker . . .
Vagrant Act
Amor Patriae
For the new Parliament
All Apothecary Drugs prepared
Vaux
Electors know no reason why They should not vote for Carlo Guy Says, barnacled Doctor Capsicum And Sam, the patriotic Scum, So, *BRACKETED* From door to door in doleful ditty Beg he may represent the City, Declare Parliament he'll reform, And other mighty deeds perform, Deeds, which in place he quite forgot But now he'll do them piping hot
Very good - a Man with two heads!! a very old saying, Two head are better than One! - I like a Man with two heads!
Cabinet, Cabinet, Cabinet
With me you have gained, and shall gain immortal Honor
Law! Law! Law!
Posset
£80,000
Le Triomphe de l'Amour
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
IC
Tax Cart
Ya-hip my hearties! here am I,/ That drive the Constitution Fly
cit
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Dealer in Coffee
Bagnigge Wells
Evening
Graphic Illustrations of Hogarth
Majority 38
Ingratitude
It is Ordered that Thomas Corbett. Esqr do immediately Return -  OPEN>> . From his mouth issues the word  OPEN>> Victory
The Wrath of my Indignation is kindled and I will pursue them with a mighty hand and outstretched Arm until Justice is done to those who have so nobly supported me
My Knees wax feeble and I sink beneath the weight of my own Apostacy -
my Conscience is now at peace
Nor Law nor Conscience nor the aid of Potent Ministers can  OPEN>> ere support this Contest  OPEN>> gainst such a Chief
Help! Help! Our Chief is fallen! O Conscience support me -
Our support is gone and we are fallen into a Pitt, yea even into a Deep Pitt, -
Truth
Law
Eloquence
Perseverance
At a Vestry holden in and for the Parish of St Martin in the Fields------It is ordered that the Parish Officers be Vigilant in apprehending all Vagabonds in this Parish
I believe in Murphy the Assessor Almighty maker of good and bad V----- *BRACKETED* visible & invisible and. . . . from thence shall come to Judge the quick & the *BRACKETED* d------
List of bad votes Jn° Hale Esqr J. Matthias Senr J. Matthias J. . . .
and his famed Cecilian Forces on the Plains of St Martin on Thursday the 3rd day of February 1785 by the Champion of the People and his chosen Band, after a smart Skirmish which lasted a considerable time, in which many Men were lost on both sides. But their great Ally at length losing ground, Desertions took place and notwithstanding their vast superiority in Numbers and weight of Metal at the first onset, they decreased apace, altho
Magna Charter
Come Sir, look well over your Lesson - I sit here to teach Bishops religion and Judges Law.
Religious Tracts by S.
Treatise on Penal Laws by L Stan . . .
Blackstone Commentaries
Cases Overturned as Flat as Flounders.
Magic Wand
Allied Extinguisher
Take a good aim at the Head Gentlemen, & we shall soon settle the Business.
A way Mr Boney the Hand of Justice *BRACKETED* will put your Night Cap on at last.
Orange Boven
I'll deal out my Oranges to him Wholesale.
Orange
Orange Boven
I'll rattle a few Snow Balls at his Cranium.
By gar we shall mak de head look like de plomb Pudding.
War Office
Treasury
Chancellor Ship
Councill Chamber
Navy Office
Admiralty
Road to Preferment
Cleavland Row
Here's my Crown & You may view it Toll de rol de ri do
Who woul *BRACKETED* have thought his M-----y had such a Broad Bottom to support him
Shiver my top-sails what a tumble! and yet he dont seem much hurt,
He must have come direct from the top-gallant mast head.
My good fellow - where the devil did you come from?
Please your Honor - I came from the North of Ireland.
A repentant Monarch
Libertas
Receive from Liberty your Crown again! And He that wears the Crown immortally Long guard it yours.
The Goddess of the Noble Mind
Orleans, and Necker
Honor
& Virtue
Rhenish
Messalina
Messalina
Pests of France & Britain German-Toad-eaters - and - German Counsellors
La Fayette, General of a free People
Libertas
National Guard
They are Free Citizens or Extirpators of Tyranny
Edinburgh
York
Bristol
London
Westminster
India House
Jenky do help me up with this India business
I cannot stay Dundass I have not yet stoppdup all my Windows
For a Publick Benefit Represented wth universal Murmuring one Act called the Shoplifters the principal Characters by young Premier from Chatham. Master Prettyman Steele &c &c NB Tickets issued by Mess Skinner Stock &c inadmissible NB the Author of Fortification has withdrawn his Entertainment Vivant Rex and Regnia *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The men carrying the cities walk across bare land; in the distance is a man ploughing. The foreground *BRACKETED* is inscribed,  OPEN>> Vast tracts of land to Lett enquire in Downing Street
When Charley but an India House had laid upon His Back The Nabobs loudly hiss'd at him! Directors halloo'd Quack Their Angel* (now a Devil *BRACKETED* turn'd and fearless to Invade Packs Cities, Towns, upon his Imps and runs away with Trade. * See the Addresses and Thanks on a change of Ministry
The Mire of Politics
This Old Man will - be the end of me at last - what a miry place he has brought me into!
Persevere - Persevere - You are the only Man to get through.
Independence and a Comfortable Home
Treasury Rocks
Ministerial Skoals
The Beast
Constitution
I will turn thee back: Thou shalt fall upon the Mountains of Israel; thou and all thy Bands, and the People that is with thee. I will give thee unto the ravenous Birds of every Sort, ond to the Beasts of the Field to be devoured. *
I dwell n Safety and thou knowest it not.‖
O Gog, art thou come to take a Spoil? Hast thou gathered thy Company to take a Prey? to carry away Silver and Gold, to take away Cattle and Goods, to take a great Spoil?+
666
As the Romans treated Carthage so will I plunder and destroy thy Cities, and who shall deliver thee from the Fury of my Soldiers?++
Explanation:  OPEN>> JOHN BULL is sitting under his favourite Oak, supported by Commerce and Industry reaping the Fruits of his Labors, and protected by the power of God, whilst France is enslaved under their Tree of Liberty, which is falling to the Ground - the Honors and Independence of Nations are broken and trampled underfoot, and all the Horrors of War are extending their Ravages with unremitting fury. - Bonaparte is considered as the Dragon, the Beast, and the false Prophet, Rev. xvi. 13, xiii. II, and following verses, xix. 20 - and also as Gog, Ezek. xxxviii. and xxxix. - His brutal and ferocious Dispositions are represented by the Body and Feet of a Tyger; his inordinate Desires, by the Chest, Wings, and Claws of a Dragon, holding out Death or Slavery; his Head with two Horns represents his civil and ecclesiastical Authority; and is intended to point out, that though a Dragon and a Tyger have been the most dreadful and destructive of all real and imaginary Creatures, yet even their horrid Natures are surpassed by the sanguinary and rapacious Dispositions of that implacable Tyrant. - The THREE LIONS represent the united Naval, Regular and Volunteer Force of England, Scotland, and Ireland, watching the Monster's Motions, and springing forth eager to meet him. For Explanation of the Number 666, and other Particulars, see the above Pamphlet, p. 12, 13, and 33-36.
++Ezek. xxxviii. 10-12
+Ver. 13
‖Ver. 14
*Chap. xxxix. 2-4
My goose head once led me from the Grapes; but Fortune kinder than I am wise hath me restor'd
Life and Times of Charles Fox
Moll Muggins Billingsgate
The Maiden paus'd, as if again, She thought to catch the distant strain, With head uprais'd and look intent, And eye and ear attentive bent, And locks flung back, and lips apart, Like monument of Grecian art
Walter Scotts Poem
Mack . . .
"On Saturday the 14th of August 1773 late in the Evening I received a Note from him that he was arrived at Boyd's Inn at the head of the Cannon-gate, I went to him directly. He embraced me cordially, and I exulted in the thought that I now had him actually in Caledonia.
Tell the King from me, that I |  OPEN>> am content he shall reign, |  OPEN>> but I'll be protector over him.
metallic tractors
Fores *BRACKETED* Operator
Half-Hints
Innuendoes
Hypochrisy
Envy
Scandal
Detraction
Malignity
good Heavens? could you suppos my Aunt had such an envenomed Tongue
oh yes my dear there are many more such in our Town, if this good man cures all such Tongues he will deserve a Statue
Yes and all our young Friends I am sure will subscribe liberally
Bible
Mem - not to forget at Miss Magpy's Tea party the hints respecting the Young Miss Tumid also the round appearance of Mrs Generous who was married last Week. Particulars Insinuate how Miss Lively lives so genteel When we cannot find out what resources she has------to take Care I do for Miss Bold who insolently said she did not believe the story of Miss Virtues Slip.
Ratafia
Peppermint
Caraway
Duty of Man
Eloise
Sermons
Glass Cookery
Nig
Cherry Brandy
Observe the End
Half-Hints
A New discovered Virtue in these invaluable Operators most cordially recommended to the Public at large and to Dr Perkins in in *BRACKETED* particular as a likely means of preventing more Murder than all the Poenal Statutes
Sir Loin for ever
O the roast Beef of Old England
Genuine Flour, No Adulteration
Old Stout
The Best Wheaten Bread
Mutton 3d 1/2 Pr Pound
Prime Hops, no Quashee
Double Gloucester
Jamaica Rum
Old Port
Coniac
Peace and Mealy Potatoes
Excellent Fresh Butter
W.R
Most Barberous
If this is to be the case I had better Cut my Stick
Written by Mr. C. Dibdin; Composed by Mr. Reeve; and sung by Mr. Smith, with unbounded Applause, in the  OPEN>> Magic Minstrel
representing an Empty-Barrel tossed out to amuse great Leviathan-John-Bull, in order to divert him from instantly laying violent hands uponye new Coalition Packet - Vide Swifts Preface to the Tale of a Tub.
Ridicule
Contempt
Real Constitutional Spirits - No Maidstone
MT
Power
Cheese Parings
Candle Ends
Pluralities
Dissipation
Sensuality
Libertinism
Private Pickings
Shop Tax
Land Tax
House Tax
Stamp Tax
Soap Tax
Iron Tax
Leather Tax
Tea Tax
Tobacco Tax
Horse Tax
Spirit Tax
Malt Tax
Sugar Tax
Hop Tax
Window Tax
Salt Tax
Servants Tax
Croak in Leach
Green-vile Leach
Aren-t Leach
It's only a slight fever, accompanied by delirium, copious Bleedings & a strait Waistcoat will soon cure her!
Patent
Vansweatem's *BRACKETED* porific pills
Aye! Aye! Brother, that is plenty of Pensions, and a standing Army, with a few of these Soporific Pills.
Speeches on my reception at Belfast
Speech for my reception at Newry
Speech . . .
Alley Croaker *BRACKETED* Old Song
OPEN>> Cimex lectularius
, and beside it the insect  OPEN>> Natural size
Well I've drawn a good magnified representation of the nauseous insect, surely the Chancery court and other old Houses might be cleaned of them—at any rate I'll try
a venerable lady
Quebec Bill
Masachusets Bay
Boston Port Bill
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Greeks
Cribbage
Shuffling
Pell Mell
beak
Greeks
Greeks
Whist
Greeks
Greeks
Roulette
Greek
Jack Ketch
I have got a bottle of Hollands but I will keep to my self
I dont care a Fig now for here is a bag of Spanish dollars
I am glad of it honest Jack for thou art a jovial fellow
Signior English, I like your beef better than your bullets
Here Don Diego is a taste of our English roast Beef.
By gar I dont like it tho it be be *BRACKETED* better then de frogs & soup Meager
Take it take it Monsieur you may not have another offer
Here Monsieur is fine plumb pudding of the best Spanish plumbs.
View of Admiral Rodney beating ye Spanish fleet
A List of Places and. Pensions &c &c &c \\ This red book will partly shew; How it is Our millions Go
Many Years ago a Persian Sultan dream'd he saw three Cats - one of which was very fat - - another very lean, and the third blind. - The next day reflecting on the oddity of the Vision - he sent for a certain learned Dervis, who gave the following brief explanation - The fat Cat represents the thriving sate *BRACKETED* of your Ministers, - the lean Cat is a Symbol of the People - and the blind Cat, is an emblem of the most magnificent Sultaun himself
Anti-Gallican
Bonaparte's Answer to John Bull's Card inviting him to England.
King's Head
J. Bull's Wholesale Wareh *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . On the wall are two pictures:  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* the King of France
Signing Bill of Rights
O my Johnny, my Johnny, And o my Johnny, my deary, Let a few of us over To taste your Beef Pudding & beer y
State Papers
Boneys Instructions *BRACKETED* addison
D—n his notes! what are they good for now! we should get nothing but Iron, he has'nt any of his stock of Brass left, or some of that would have help'd us through this busines—.
Plan for laying England under Contribution, Project for the conquest of Canada, Correspond *BRACKETED* with Boney
Who would have thought of this Man! to oblige us to run from the best Cabinet supper I ever order  OPEN>> d—I hope you have taken care of Boney's promisary notes. The people won't stand any thing after This.
Jonathan where thinkest thou our President will run to now!
Why verrily to Elba to his bosom friend!
The great Washington fought for Liberty, but we are fighting for shadows, which if obtained could do no Earthly good, but this is the blessed effects of it.
I suppose this is what Maddis calls benefiting his Country!
Why it will throw such a light on affairs that we shall find it necessary to change both Men and measures.
I say Jack! what is that there Man of War, that was to nihilate us as Master Boney used to say.
Aye Messmate, he is a famous fighter, over a bottle of Shampain, why he'd have played Hell with us if we had let him sit down to Supper!
Bill of fare for the cabinet Supper at President Maddis Augt 24 1814 Soup—
List of Guns Men &c &c in the fortification of New York Guns— Men —  OPEN>> ; with letters addressed  OPEN>> To Genl Vandame
"Write me down an Ass
Locke *BRACKETED* on the Understanding
Oh! cease to remember The Ninth of November Incendiaries
Fabrick of Corruption
Liberty of the Press
Bill of Rights
Armed with this I will go forth to meet him undismayed, I will attack the mighty Fabrick he has raised, I will shake down from its hieght Corruption & bury it beneath the ruins of the abuses it was meant to Shelter!!!
Corruption
Venal House of Peers, Patronage of Office, Lies & Villany, Ministeral *BRACKETED* Influence, Corrupt House of Commons, Places Pla..., Pensioners
Sung, with unbounded Applause, by Mr. Dowton, in the Comic Opera, called  OPEN>> Up all Night, or the Smuggler's Cave: OPEN>>  performed at the English Opera, Lyceum Theatre, Strand
Pilgrims Progress
Stamps
*BRACKETED* anack
Chesterfields advice to his son
B------t your Cowardly Spirit I'll Kick you to Hell, what I suppose you was frightened at their Naked A------sses. Get out of my sight, or I'll send you and your Army------after my Husband
And here my rendezvous is quite cut off. Honor is cudgell'd, well, Bawd will I turn To Brunswick will I steal, & there I'll steal: And Patches will I get unto these cudgell'd scars, And swear I got them in the Gallic Wars.
Let my Pole go oh! Stanislaus what Disgrace
to the King of Poland
rules & orders to be Implicitly obeyed Cat Catherine.
Map of France
England
english channel
my share
For Brunswicks Duke with Ninety Thousand men March'd into France and then!! - & then Marched out again
I m a man of honor my dear & a member of parliament let us fly to Scotland. By heavens what a delicious morsel I prefer the breast & rump parts
Indeed Sir Billy Im too young for the spit. What will Mama say, when she hears I m skewer'd. If you'd come a little sooner you'd have found me in my egg shell.
ladies beware of a false young knight he loves & he rides away.
Pour l'Autriche
Laisse moi diner et va te battre pour mot, contre ces enragés de français
Pour la Russie
Pour la Suede
Ne pouvant augmenter notre population, diminuons celle du Continent.
I think now my little fellow, you are pretty well clear'd out, and I hope you will never give us the trouble to Prescribe or Proscribe any more.
Treat *BRACKETED* Peace
George Prince and C°
Spain
Westphalia
Confederation of the Rhine
I say Mynheer! do stop and help a poor Swiss out of the Tub.
Nay Nay Mynheer now I be out I will run for it.
Plan of Elba
"And all the way most like a brutish Beast  OPEN>> He spewed up all his Gorge, that all did him detest. Spencer
Lies
More Lies
A Messenger from the House
Mercy on me!! Wha wants me?
Henry VIII Act 5
He that maketh a Law and breaketh it-----.
An Act Entitled - Thou shalt Not make use of the Public Money for thine Own Private Emolument.
Lords
Commons
Buy a Broom
Ti tum ti
Tree of Liberty
Credit
Honor
Fair Jury
Magna Charta
Bill of Rights
Justice
John Bull
Vengeance
The Blood and the treasure of Britain enriches.
Aye Girls this reminds me of former times, I could wish for it to come over again—Oh dear what can the matter be.
Do let me come in now.
Do let the Man in, have you no feeling for the poor fellow who has been kept in sight of roast beef full of gravy for these three months without being permitted to touch a bit would you like to be served so.
Thats your sort *BRACKETED* we are all of the same flesh & blood, but stolen bread is always sweetest, Johnny's so long at the fair!
Here we go up up up! Dear how hot I am.
It's my turn next, so I'll make sure of it now.
Push on keep moveing!
The Critical Quadrant or Rules for Judging of the Sublime in Tragedy by Benj. Bombast
Catalogue of the different Sins, Committed by the Earl of------against God, his King & his Country
Scheme for selling England to the French
Art of Bribery
Machiavel
Earl of ------
Venus
Dublin
I say Paddy - Give up the bag quietly and you shall have this Purse of Gold.
I see what you are at - you sly Teaf of the World you may Cut out a few of the Potatoes, that are rotten at the Core - but by St Patrick You'll never get the whole Bag - so you may Pocket your Cash - and march home and be Da-d.
Liberty
Sedition \\ Equality \\ Rebell *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  about to fall from it. Flames rise on both sides inscribed: *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> A People rouz'd
Popular Resentment
Bozzy and Piozzi
rival wits
Declare the prop'rest pen to write Sam's Life.
cello leans against the wall, emblem perhaps of Sir John's interest in music, perhaps of Mrs. Thrale's marriage to Piozzi. Three shelves of books are above his head; the highest is filled with large volumes covered with a cobweb, one inscribed  OPEN>> History of Musi *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , illustrating the lines:  OPEN>> Whose Volume, tho' it here and there offends, Boasts German merit - makes by bulk, amends. Superior, frowning o'er octavo wits High plac'd the venerable quarto sits;
*BRACKETED* Who, madning with an Anecdotic Itch, Hath said that Johnson call'd his Mother, B-tch?  OPEN>>  Boswell taunts Mrs. Thrale with her anecdote of Johnson's answer to his mother when she called him a puppy.  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* Who, from Macdonald's Rage, to save his snout, Cut twenty lines of defamation, out?
Oh, my head. Oh my A------e Thieves! Pickpockets! Oh Lord! Oh Lord!
Mum Johnny No squeaking!
I wonder if he has any Jewels or Precious Stones.
What! what does he cry Billy why we take every opportunity to Ease him
Hover thro
I never had luck when the curse of Scotland was in my hand - however I have now discarded it - Ay this will do - I have now a strong suit without a knave among them.
I never had such luck since I have Russian, compleatly beasted off the board - but that I must endeavour to forget and try to play better in future.
I was obliged to play tho it was forced Spadille. my Queen deceived me - but however I must not now give myself Ayres as I have lost all my Dollars.
Shall I play or not? - if I play I fear I shall be beasted, and if not, they will call me Prussian Cake
I have got a King - without calling one - but I have no Trump now and I fear I shall lose all my fish.
I fear it is nearly over with poor Ponto.
For the present - I fear the game is up with me so I pass.
Blocus continental
dent Russe
dent Prussienne
dent Autrichienne
dent Napolitaine
il faut extraire la racine de celle-ci
Nous tenons le chicot *BRACKETED* ; il faut que la racine vienne.
laissez-m'en au moins une. elles me coûtent assez cher!
Quand il n'aura plus de dents il ne mordra plus! / Il faut que cette guerre soit la derniere . . . et que tous ses auteurs soyent sévèrement punis.
PEACE
To make Gruel Thick & Slab
Peace
Dominion of the Sea
Egypt
Malta
Cape
Continental Alliances
Honduras
Switzerland
Brit *BRACKETED* Isles
Gibralter
Ireland
West Indies
Hymn of Peace
G.R
To Windsor
A Versailles
M. de Limon
Le Baron de Talleyrand
Le Comte de Vauban
Le Comte de La Touche
le Marquis de Sillery
la Comtesse de Blot
la Comtesse de Buffon
Proof
Dr Brookes's Elbow Grease
Murder
Peculation
Impeachment
The Force of Envy
Accusation
Impeachment
We told this troublesome Old Woman your Worship to move off our bate, and told her your Worship had no occasion for her sarvices so she called Bob and I Ugly Names.
Your Worship she called me a Carrotty Headed Rat Catcher
Right Paddy Arthur she was always troublesome I kept her a long while in my Service, though much blamed for it, Well Mrs Baggs what have you to say to this Charge.
Please your Worship I am glad of this opportunity of telling you a bit of my mind, I come to protest against the verdict in favor of Pope & C°. I have been labouring Night & day for the firm of W—ch—a F—l—th & C°, done all their dirty work and now like your Worship they've desarted me in my Old Age, Thirty years and upwards have I worked for you and yours I hope therefore your worship will not forsake me in my Old Age.
John Bull Patent
Orders for an Imeadiet march to Elba
You See its all dicky with me They have sent me to Pot *BRACKETED* .
March to the Tomahawks
And soon I fear it will be all dicky with me. they will send me to pot too, see what a fine kettle of fish we have made of it, this comes of my believing you and Takeing your Bribes
Nascenti Puero
Georgius
Fredericus
Georgius II
Noyau
Macbeth
A word to the Wise
Is this a Rattle which I see before me? It's Deafning sound portends the din of war And warns me that my only Safty is in flight— Methinks I hear a voice say, Assignations, Stews, Bawd rooms, & scenes of such Debauchery, but Ill become a Theatre, oh then I must forego my Schems of Power, of rule, & Tyranny; give up the Princely income which my Family have long enjoyed against the claims of much superior Merit: or suffer the continual Rattle in Mine Ears: I will be off
6000
Gin
Gin
Gulliver's Travels
A Gentleman employed a Post Boy to carry a present of a Turbot to Dean Swift, who seldom gave the bringer any thing for his Trouble, the Boy knowing this delivered it in an awkward & careless manner which discomposed the Doctor, who thereupon determined to teach him good Manners:  OPEN>> sit down in my Chair
and suppose yourself to be the Dean and I will represent you
well done
you are a very civil Fellow, here is five shillings for you and pray give my Compliments to your Master
Imperial Coffee Room
Journal of the Empire
Journal of Debates
Sire, when you have done with the Empire I will thank you to let me have it.
I am sorry Sire, it is engaged for that young Gentleman.
France
Germany
Rome
Candidates
Law
Political Register
Cochrane's Charges
Orator
Spa Fields Resolutions
Cartwright on the . . .
Stateman
Morg Chronicle
Independant
Independent Whig
New Taxes
Budget
Civil List
Assess'd Taxes
Stamp *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Customs
Property Tax
John-Bull, baited by the Dogs of Excise
Zenocrates & Phryne
The Death
Catalogue
Susan *BRACKETED* Elders
Being a True & Tragical Parody, on the favorite Song called Nobody coming to marry me
One
deluder
Delightful to most married fair, . . . Yet still, I've the Breeches to Wear, to wear
Steady Master Emperor, if you regard your imperial nose, remember a british tar has you in tow- no more of this wonderful, this great & mighty nation, who frighten all the world with their buggerbo invasion -
Oh mercy! Take me back, me will make you all Emperors!! it will be Bony here, Bony there, Boney every where, & me wish to me heart, me was dead.
Dei'I tak your soul ye lubberly Loon gin ye donna mak aw sail I'll twist off your lugs.
Oh, Marblieu! de salt water make me sick O! mine pauvre Ears.
By Jasus my Jewel these bum-boats are quissical toys & sure - heave a head you bog-trotting spalpeen or I shall be after Keel hauling you - Huzza; Huzza; Huzza my boys, Huzza;  OPEN>> Tis Britannia boys, Britannia rules the main!!
Now for a quid of comfort! pretty gig for Jack tars!! Good bye to your bombast, we're going to Dover, Was ever poor Bony so fairly done over.
O Mynheer Jan English you vill break mine back!
Rule Britannia . . ., Bri . . .
Britons strike home Revenge . . .
There's an Island
Gentlemen may perhaps fancy I am Hoaxing, - when I inform them there is not a person in the Kingdom, - but what rejoices at the continuation of the present Necessary - Glorious - Popular - Successful - & Magnanimous *BRACKETED* War - the more the people pay for it the better they are satisfied - I will maintain it - Hoax?
That poor persecuted Gentleman Mr Gratton - so like myself - and that other worthy Dear Gentleman Mr O Conner *BRACKETED* - principles so like my own - except one little Faux Pas, which I protest I knew no more about - I assure you Hoax! Hoax! Hoax! -  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* Courteney, in profile to the right:  OPEN>> You may think it a Hoax Gentlemen - but I assure you I only told the Coachman to drive me to the Bastile and he took me there directly miserable doings, shocking dreadful - Hoax!
I second that Honorable Gentleman Hoax! - I was with him in the same Coach - we both commiserated the poor suffering Patriots - innocent persecuted - sevn foot square - two foot broad - grating - Hoax!
We hae nae Hoaxing in Scotland - what we do there is aw for your goods - we never consider our-sels Hoax!
You may probably think I am Hoaxing when I tell you what I saw - I saw the little farthing rush light - I saw thatch'd Cottages on fire - I saw men women & children tied up to the halbert - I sow *BRACKETED* Hanging - Drowning - Shooting Burning Hoax - Hoax - Hoax
I suppose Gentlemen you begin to think my building a Ship, for the service of my Country - was nothing but an Hoax - but be assured it was not - I am now ready - sails - hulk - rigging - Hoax!
I had no design whatever in evading my Taxes - I assure you Gentlemen, - at that time, - I had only three Servants - and two Horses - I very well remember - Hoax
I again say Gentlemen, it would be National Economy to reduce the Navy! - and I declare I would not change my opinio *BRACKETED* , to be President of the Board of Agriculture Hoax!
I am very poor indeed A distress'd Poet and Patriot - never touch the cole - every body indebted to me - nobody will pay me - Hoax.
They say I have an appointment in India, I assure you it is merely a Political Hoax - me! I declare I would not on any account accept place - pension perquisite - Hoax! - Hoax!
Citizens - I am one of your Directeurs - & I assure you - the English fleet was totally destroyed, on the first of June - I always speak truth - Lord Howe's expected in Paris in a few days, it is very true I assure you - now that is the Grande Hoax A La-Francois
Rotten Borough System
Bossiney
Beeralston
Brackley
Heyden
Ferrers
Newton
West Looe
Westbury
Bramber
Woodstock
East Looe
Seaford
Wendover
Old Sarum
Gatton
Blechingley
Bishops Castle
Wootem *BRACKETED* Basset
Bedwin
Petersfield
Boroughbridge
Yarmouth
Dunwich
Aldborough
Appleby
Callington
Midhurst
Whitchurch
Orford
Saltash
Reform Reform the Laws
Bum Chopper
Grey's Family Chopper
Nepotism
Union Chopper
Chandos
You take our house when you do take the prop That dost sustain our house—you take our lives When you do take the means whereby we live
Constitution Hill
Constitution
Promised Constitution
"The putrid and mouldering carcase of exploded Legitimacy.
Mr. Lambton
Catholic Petition
Death-warrants
I MkM—n
The Book
et Tu Brute,
Letter about Predilections
Official Papers
Billets doux
Notes from My Lady
Drams for Vapours
hints from five Physicians
Morning Post
Unread Petitions
Unread-Petitions
Liverpool Petitions
Carlisle Petitions
Nottingham Petitions
Manchester Petitions
Common-Hall Addresses
Tradesmens Bills
Billets doux
Fox's Bust
Plans of Saddles
Factious C--y--n. *BRACKETED* , A Lamentable Want of Sobriety, Foremost in mischief. This is no Gainfull Traffick - Nonresistance &c. Explain'd. Vide my Sermon. Charity Thinketh no Evil &c. A perfectly detestable Faction &c.
... VI Thou shalt do no Murder and IX Thou shalt not bear false Witness &c.
Remarks upon a late charge delivered not 100 Miles from Y--k. Vide Rememr.pt. 2nd 1781- page 239.
'Hac itur ad astra
Taxes for the Year 1800 Continued
A Short Plan of the manner of Taxation for 1800 or an Abridgment of the different Articles containd in the Budget.
Taxes \\ Taxes \\ Taxes
Just took the liberty of calling to request a little small trifle more which you cannot Grudge when you consider our late successes and our happy Expedition
Zounds! what not a moments rest why what the Devil do you want now have you no Conscience Why you're quite a Bore -  OPEN>>  His dog, the collar inscribed  OPEN>> John Bull
2
3
By sale of the Stud £7586
5
9
American War
7
4
6
1
8
Unfathomable Sea of Taxation
cormorants
William Pitt
New Taxes
New Salt Tax
new Coffee Tax
new Tea Tax
new Hop- Tax
new Malt-Tax
new Assessed Taxes
New Tax on Sugar
New Spirit Tax
New Tobacco Tax
New Candle Tax
New Glass Tax
new Cyder Tax
New Soap Tax
New Auction Tax
New Table Beer Tax
New Snuff Tax
new Horse Tax
new Servants Tax
new Leather Tax
new Dog Tax
New Hair Powder *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> new Soap Tax
new House Tax
new Land-Tax
New Stamp-Tax
new Window Tax
New Hat Tax
New-Property-Tax
New Legacy Tax
New Iron-Tax
New Excise-Duties
New Game Tax
Treasury
Exchequer
Hone
Remain in Chancery
in the House of Lords
Behold! Sir your half starvd Petitioners
I can make a Norfolk Dumpling! Thanks be to Miss Diana Young for her instruction!
Allow us but a Mutton-Chop
And your Petitioners shall ever pray
No! Eating and drinking cloud yr understanding you shall have none
The Genuine Works of William Hogarth
Old Billy
Prosperity Fred
No Popery
all my eye
Plate 6th—
Charges
Call William-Cobbett into Court, to make good his Charges!
William Cobbett! William Cobbett!
Ho! William Cobbett
Call away & be Damn'd—I'm off
Take it, take it, I resign I'm out I'm out
Where's your Puffing Majority now; You might have kept your breath to have cool'd your porridge; Let the boisterous Gentleman go for I have piss't his fire out & he cannot Longer do any Mischief
British Constitution. Its Basis, the Happiness of the People
King
Lords
Commons
3° Degrees Angle of Security
Trini nomine digne Dei
Virtue
Honor
Loyalty
Democracy or French Constitution, Its Basis, Despotism.
Religion
Pubk Credit
Monarchy
Laws
Trade
Honor
Loyalty
Virtue
Arts
Science
Blood
Terror
Oppression
Constitution
Liberty
Equality
all
Level
Old-England
Roberspierre \\ Marat, Santerre
Held up to Infamy and \\ *BRACKETED* Posterity
Paines \\ Rights \\ of \\ Man
Classical Lectures on the Roman History.
Have mercy in God's name think oh think of my Poor Parents What have I Done -  OPEN>>  She answers:  OPEN>> No you Dog Ill invent Lies to Get you Lock d, out to starve, hunger will make you Steal Bread & then Ill see you Hang'd!!!
Well Done Sister Jane.
N° 1 Lord Bloody scrol. N° 2 Alderman contract the Citys great Curse. N° 3 Lord Hellish Facts a Lover of Arbitrary Power &c. &c. 2d Cart. N° 1 Gray Goose a Lawyer of infamous practices in any Court. N° 2 Coll Bluster remarkable for nothing but the murder of an innocent Woman. N° 3 Jemmy Twitcher. N° 4 Cocking George one that never kept his Word with any on *BRACKETED* .
Lying & Perjury & Deciet are my chief supports
Twitcher's Advocate
Oh! I hear the murderd Allen call me to Account Oh! St. Georges Fields
Oh! I have wrongd my Countrey & decievd my Fellow Citizens. Oh! that I had been but Honest
General Warrants and every oppressive measure against my country makes me repent Oh the cursed Jezebel *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . In the second cart *BRACKETED* the clergyman, Parson Horne, is saying:  OPEN>> my poor father used to say G-- Damn ye Jacky never be seen to keep bad compy for fear you shoud come to be Hangd
I think!. No. 1, de Grey, in Judge's wig and gown, says:  OPEN>> I have betrayd my Friend robd my country, been led by the nose by that infernal B------h Jezebel Carlton, Oh me
Arabella, poor Arabella Bolton! pray for your murderer Oh I am a damd Villian *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . No. 4, Onslow:  OPEN>> little did I think I shoud be pitted with such a parcel of Shake-Bags rascals Oh! that I had still been a hearty Cock
I never since I have been Jemmy Twitcher have been in such Wicked & bad Company no not I
Remember St. George's Fields effectual murthers
Cocking George you dont Die Game
Take care Panurge the Halters Round your neck
Here's a General Warrant for Ye ye Dogs
it is a pity he should escape he's such a double rogue
What! the Vicar of Brentford *BRACKETED* are you doing duty there twil be your turn soon
Miss Bolton's Curses on the Wretch
We could pick out a score more T------rs *BRACKETED* to their Countrey
I think the Lawyer becomes a Cart and a Halter
I thought George *BRACKETED* had been better fed he's well trim'd
The Alderman had better minded Tare and Trett
Jemmy Twitcher false to his God, his King, his countrey & his Friend
By Jasus God if such varmint would be in Ireland to be hang'd for we woud stone 'em to death with Brick Bats
The Colonel shoud have been hangd at Brentford
Look at Double faced Jack the Parson of B?, *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ;  OPEN>> Hanging's too good for that Rogue the Alderman
They have lived too Long
Damn the soldier that Draws a Trigger to oblige any Comander against an Englishman
Oh there's Tom Patts the Chicken Butcher's son I thought he would be hangd ere now
What! Cocking George. Il
Damn the Brentford Vicar they must hang him soon for he's a Villian in disguise
I thought the Pellmell Jezebel *BRACKETED* woud come to this
rakish men of ton
the Hummums
Oh what Joy's will abound When the Goose is laid in Ground.
broker
Entering upon any of the Bridges of London, or any of the passages leading to the Thames, being assailed by a groupe of watermen, holding up their hands and bawling out Oars Sculls, Sculls, Oars Oars.
Wapping Old Stairs
Satirist
broad bottom
Oh! when shall we perform High Mass at Dropmore *BRACKETED* .
It's all up with us,
Plan of Drury
Is poor dear Bony still to be thwarted? Ill brew more mischief.
A long farewell to all my hopes of greatness *BRACKETED* .
Why then to me this bustling world's but Hell!
Oh dear,
The Cat let out of the Bag
Thoughts Regency
toy
Qualification—.
Declaration
Acceptation.
Alteration—
Imputation—
Exculpation.
The Book
Emigration—
Remigration—
Consternation
Accusation
Publication
Press, Chronicle, News, Times, Examiner, Traveller, Statesman, &c &c
Indignation
Coronation—
Degradation
Hibernian Magazine
Luxury
Apoplexy
L'Amour Omnia Vincit Amor
Mania
Despair
Cold
Vapours
Preserver . . .
Sir W Curtis
A Conference in the Shades between the Duke of Bedford and Arthur Beard-more Esq.
Magna Ch *BRACKETED* ta
Cheyt Sing.
The State of India
W H.
Rupees
Pagod *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , jewels, and a large turban inscribed  OPEN>> Cheyt Syng
My dear Lord Paris 7th Jany 1783 I am happy to hear you have so nearly concluded your Alley Arrangements. The Preliminaries shall be signed coute que coute by the Time you desire, & you may rely on the Courier's arrival on the Eve of the 23d yours truly Billy Paradice *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  Under Lansdowne's elbow is a paper inscribed  OPEN>> Memorandums Pay off the Mortgage on Jesuits Colledge in Berkeley Square - Pay off Solomons any for 500£ pr Annm Inquire what Tayt will take for my Bond for 3000£ given for furniture sold at Christyes
Policy £15 to return £100 if the Preliminaries arrive by Jany 23d 1783 £1000 prem recd J. Gee £1000 do ---- I. Bond £1000 do P. Jones £1000 do J. Wolls £1000 do W Long £1000 do P. Pinder
Waste Paper
Ordnance Estimates
State of the National Debt
Civil List
John Calvin
Ignatius Loyola
A Wise General shoud make good his Retreat
Alas! Alas for ever ruined and Undone, / See See she has spiked my great Gun
Rogues March
What a pretty little fellow.
Gentlemen I propose my Lord C- *BRACKETED* as a proper person to represent you in Parliament being of a reputed ancient family, tho I forget who his father is, as sent down by a Royal Duke, and a noble Lord who has for so many years served his King and Country in the Army *BRACKETED* and earned never fading laurels. I trust you will not venture to refuse him.
Gentlemen a prophet is never esteemed in his own Country! I therefore offer myself to you an entire stranger and the reason is because I have been kicked out of the County & Borough of Hertford where I am best known, and where my father is Lord Lieutenant, and the Government assisted me, but the freeholders in that County were too scrupulous & independent & knew me too well—I offer under the nomination of a Royal Duke whose character for veracity, humanity, charity, & brotherly affection you all know and revere, and as you have all promised to support any person he sent down, being a lord of the same feather, you cannot refuse me.
Slavery vindicated
Gentlemen! as it is determined by your Masters the trustees of the Johnstone interest that you shall always have strangers to represent you, it is as well that I should as any other—I cannot boast of my public Acts or services to call your attention, but haveing ruled 20 Years in the land of slavery, I can manage Obstreporous & refractory people as well as any, and flatter myself I shall be able to keep you all in Order. I have the Scotch Bar *BRACKETED* to recommend me, & he being one of your Masters you will in course vote for me.
Contract
Gentlemen! who says I am Idle I have exerted myself as much as any Contractor, Jobber or Blood-sucker can do, and my pocketts would convince you of the truth of the assertion—altho
Aye Aye my boys! we shall soon have some of our real friends down, to contrast their merits against yours then we'll open the Ball.
I have 72 Votes and 24 houses & 100 votes & 20 houses at the service of the Trustees!
Kings
Why sure that be Tom Thumb that war picked out o'th Kiow-turd.
And lo they were bought and sold like Beasts in a Market
Mrs Flimsy's Fashionable Warehouse The greatest Variety of Straw Hats & Bonnets made up in the most Elegant Taste. A large stock of Spanish Flemish Provincial Gipsey Cottage Woodland &c &c Adapted to shew every Feature to the best Advantage
Misery A La Mode. The being overpersuaded by a canting Shopwoman, in endeavouring to put off a stale Article—that it is the most becoming and suitable to your stile of Features—but on consulting your friends and acquaintance they pronounce it the most frightful hideous and unfashionable thing that woud disgrace Cranbourn Alley
Father Peters
He cocks his Tail yet
Hold out my Sons to the End & I'll give you a Crown of Glory
Little Britain.
<<CLOSE   Then the smart Priest  OPEN>> Writing extempore *BRACKETED* a sonnet  OPEN>> Quaint to his Mistress
Come Gentlemen, it is time you should be at business
Why don't you throw up your Caster like me
Time enough Brother
Have at him my Jewel!
Ab——n I'll take your two to one?
Done!
I think we have a fair chance if they don't interfere on the other side
I say keep back, dont break the Ring
I'll not break it if they don't
If it should appear to be going against Miguel let us rush in and have a general fight
Consumption
Palsy
Gout
Dropsy
Scurvy
Venerial
Fever
Stone
Apoplexy
Suicide
For the Dropsy . . .
For the Gout
Sovereign Remedy
Anodyne
Styptic
Solvent
Mercurials
Essence
Anti Venerial Drops
Tincture for
Opeates
Balsams
Touch my Patient if you dare
Busy Body
Your husband is absent.
And so is my Guardian Angel and I fall.
So Madam this is what you mean by sending your Maid for a Broom. If there is no blood in stones, I'll draw some from a brush
Had I servd my God with half a Quarter the Zeal. &c &c. Dam------n.
A Catalogue of Oaths Sworn on the Occasion
Patent Blacking
The South Sea
1772
1720
Secret Com.
Select Com.
Suspension of Supervision
India Stock 00001
An Able Minister would Balance it
Map of England
Hayes
Stowe
Traitors Bridge
Date Obolum Belisario
Arrears of Civil List
Jove lifts the golden Balances that Show The fates of mortal men & things below
got by Merchant
Lot .2.
Damn the Tories!!!
Tol de rol de rol
Scourge
Regent's Bomb
Grand Mortar
B C
K G B
Necessitas Non Habit *BRACKETED* L *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . He is followed by a second, and, extreme right, a third. Behind is the profile of McMahon. Two knights with the  OPEN>> K G B
Chapel of Ease
Pâté d'Amiens
ce qu'on a pris il faut le rendre
Fatalle Imprudence!
Maudit Pâté quelle Collique tu me donnes.
Ah Ca-ira - Ca-ira.
It is something like a Prussian Reel
By St Diego this consular Music is very delightful.
Ah, Ah - here's your Old friend Johnny Bull, as merry as the best of them, he never likes to be out of a snug party.
It beats a German Waltz hollow
It is enough to warm the heart of a Russian
This is the way to be happy Mynheer jig it away.
Miss Taylor
Mrs Carey
Miss Gifford
Mrs Shaw
Containing a Curious Display of Female Ambition, Assurance, Success, and Disappointment. Exhibited before the Grand Council of the Isles of Britain, in the First and Second Month, of the Forty Eighth Year of the King, by Mary Anne Clarke.
And behold he *BRACKETED* walketh in a vain shew, which shall fade in the sight of the people, whilst the fame of Wardle, Whitbread, and Burdett shall flourish and endure . . . the tergiversation of the Black Coats may whiten his honour *BRACKETED* , but who can believe him innocent of folly, vice, and acknowledged adultery ? . . . Now the rest of the Acts of Mary Ann Clarke, ... are they not written in the Chronicles of Blue Covers which flutter on the Stalls
British Oak
I When merry bells, the merry time, Of Holy days declare, What place for sport, and pastime, With Greenwich can compare
where is the General
go look for the General
Find the General
why the General is lost
I dare say he is varra safe.
I come for Orders
He that fights and runs away May live to fight another day But he thats in the Battle slain Will never live to fight again
Lost, or Mis-led a General officer Who ever can *BRACKETED* Information . . . ampl *BRACKETED* rewarded
King Bill
I say Bob *BRACKETED* , this here Bit of Blood *BRACKETED* must be led at first, and not Driven:——It wont do to Lash or Blindfold him or He, or the Mare Leader; will Kick over the Traces?!!
To Bushey
Oh! I shan't be able to shew myself in this state
We humbly offer a petition from People, praying that your M——y will return the Breeches
Petticoat Lane
Smock Alley
Shave . . .
Sung by Mr Bannister, Theatre Royal Drury Lane; in the New Opera, call'd False Alarms, or My Cousin.
Ah, here's your sort! - here's your Nine-Inch Fat my boys!  OPEN>> O how he will cut up! *BRACKETED* -  OPEN>> how he will Tallow in the cawl and on the Kidneys!
To the Society for Improving the Breed this Sketch of Tavistock Farm Yard is dedicated!
. . . APMan, Stationer
Lawrence Lane
Continental Slices
Friedland Pye
Eylau Custard
Austerlitz Biscuit
Kayan
Prussian Cake
My Dear Brother you dont eat - what is the matter with you? - see what a hearty meal our other beloved Cousin, and brother is making from the crumbs that fall from the table.
How the deuce Brother, am I to eat when you keep every thing to your self.
And so then do you see David we sprung a leak
Cot pless us— and save us—did you! and a ferry coot fetchitable it is. I should have liked to have had a pit with you
Real Oronooko
A Leak at Sea
France
Germany
Holland
Italy
Switzerland
Ireland
Scotland
England
These treble notes destroy the Harmony of the rest.
Mud Islnd
Isis
Isis
Roebuck
Somerset
Isis
Eagle
Vigilant
Chevaux de Frize
Licence . . . Wild-moat
Tower Privilege
I am down again
For the Use of Cov: Gar. Wardrobe
Castile Soap
I am a Gentleman, you Vagabond
An Act for regulating the Stage
Breach of Articles
Mr Palmer, we must oppose: we told you so at Christmas!
Circus
Jacko
ABC
We shall all Play
Hunts Matchless Blacki *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  at the Lord Mayor *BRACKETED* . The Mayor, who wears his gown, raises the City mace defensively in both hands. Hunt registers frenzied rage; he holds a second jar in his left hand; at his feet is a paper:  OPEN>> Petition against increased Duty on Coals
Go it, my covey another black un—d—n me, if Blackey and Coaley can't do it the devil's in 'em.
Mind what your at my hearty—keep up your favorite guard or he'll beat you as black as his own factory
Holy Father
Dublin Lawyers—Apostates Priestcraft
Jesuits—Dominicans
Maynooih—Stonyhurst
Keys of Heaven
Power of loose
Immatable
Infallible
God on earth
Power to bind
King of Kings
Keys of Hell
Queen of Heaven
St Dominic
St Ursula
St Daniel
Rent
Guards/ Encampments!
Proclamation!
Spies!
Spa Fields Bastile!
Bristol Bastile!
Birmingham Bastile!
Manchester Bastile!
Informers!
Confinement Dungeons!
Racks!
Tortures!
No Lenity!
No Mercy!
No Bribery!
Not even Petticoat influence shall prevail!!!
Carlton House Magazine
D------n you what do you want
a hierogliphical Representation of the Times . . . Like too many of our late schemes and expeditions, it is incomprehensible to every sensible observer . . .
Sir James Shaw
A whimsical Old Ballad - Sung at the Anacreontic Society, by the celebrated Edwin, Suett, &c. &c. &c.
Then God bless our noble King George, May his reign be ever so long And grant, as the Parliament's met, That nothing whatever goes wrong
General
Poll Book 1784
I already am sick Of this poisonous trick The busines so thick T'would weary old Nick With spoon or stick Right from wrong to pick.
The cause I may gain, Though with labour and pain I can hardly refrain From puking amain Thro such fillth for to tag Is wares *BRACKETED* than euphorbium bag
A hogo here is. Worse than Cats pis Than Devils Spew. Or Asafoetida.
Ay Brother and by my tail, The Sheriffs shall admit no bail.
Spread the net and you shall see Many a false oath will come to me
CLARKES PASSAGE
Gentlemen it is no use to rush on in this manner —the principal places have been disposed of these three weeks and I assure you there is not even standing room
500
Passage
Croakers Row
Sung by Mr Emery, with unbounded applause, at the Theatre Royal Covent Garden, *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  The Yorkshireman, wearing a smock, stands on the stage, with a background of trees, flanked by two tiers of stage boxes. The orchestra forms the base of the design: piano on left., kettledrums on r., wind and string instruments facing each other. Statues of Thalia and Melpomene on high pedestals border the stage. The verses relate the countryman's delight with the sights, especially  OPEN>> the Play
Bold stroke for a Wife
Devil to pay
The modern bard says Tom, sublimely sings Of Virtuous, gracious, good, uxorious, Kings Who love their Wives so constant from their Heart Who down at Windsor daily go a shopping Their Heads so lovely into Houses popping, And doing wonders in the hagling Art. And why, in God's name, should not Queens & Kings Purchase a Comb, or Corkscrew, Lace for Cloaks, Edging for Caps, or Tape for Apron-Strings, Or Pins, or Bobbin, cheap as other Folks. Reader: to make thine Eyes with wonder Stare Farthings are not beneath the Royal Care! Pindars Ode upon Ode.
What can he want here so soon again?
I believe it's something about you
A Cat may look at a King
Refo *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> The Dear Duke
A scene from a Popular Farce
Doodle
Noodle
Old Slaughter beating up for Recruits
Reform
Protest
Old Slaughter backing out
Ex Officios
Public Indignation
No Supplies
The Press
Taking the Boroughmongers Home
To H—L
A New Constitution
by Gar I will eat it all as fast as I could pick de leg of de Volaile - oh de pauvre Grand Monarque
Despotism
K-----g
Marqs d Mira------au
Sac---e D------u it will make him burst and go of like de Bastile
New Constitution
Mr D'Espre------il
Diable - if this is de case, I'm off
Justice Hall Trials by Jury
D------ D'Orl------ns
by G--d you shall swallow it or I will tip you a Mendoza which I learn't of the Prince - John Bull for ever Dam me
Marqus de la Fay------tte
by Gar you did send me to free de Americans & by gar I will Free mine own Countrymen
Vive le peuple
no mor Bastile, no more grand monarque
Account
Written and Sung by Mr. Emery, with unbounded Applause, at the Theatre Royal, Covent Garden.
Forty Thieves
Common Garden
I suppose it were some of them men As had diddled me out of my money
Military Traties
Take care Miss Tabby You dont singe your Tail
Once a Man & twice a Child
cits
making a leg
chapeau-bras
aristocrat
cit
democrat
Veluti in Speculum
Wisdom crieth out in the Streets but no one regardeth her
Histories of the Tête-à-Tête annexed . . .
Catholic Emancipation
Holy Water hot
Dear Charles
French Revolution Chax
Iohn Bull Emperor of the Sea
O that I may Prove a second Jonas - that he may Cast me up again.
D------n me how he Gorged him
Sub Libertate Tyranni
From Bribery & Corruption Good Lord deliver us
From Envy & Malice!!! Good Lord, deliver us
Rambler's Magazine
Collection des Grands Hommes qui se sont le plus distingués dans la Marine Anglaise
Esnauts et Rapilly of Paris
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Gloucester Place
*BRACKETED* rke
The Statue on the outside having been thorougly repaired and white Wash'd is to be sold by private Contract—for farther particulars enquire within
Johnstons Cheap Caricature Warehouse N° 101 Cheapside A New Caricature on Mrs C------ke every Day Price One Shilling & Two each
Here lies The P-----se *BRACKETED* of W-----s. How happy cou'd I be with Either Were the other Dear Charmer away But while you both Tease me togeather The Devil a word Will I say Tal de Ral.
Here lieth L------Y M---B---E. *BRACKETED* .  OPEN>> Tho on my back Death Has me laid I might remain For him A Maid
Here lies the D------s of D------RE *BRACKETED* Cease Kissing Death You stop my Breath
Memoirs
Here lies L------Y G------R *BRACKETED* A lover ne'er I Thought to lack While I so long lay on my Back
Here lies Her M-----y Virtue on earth No more is seen For here she lies With Britains Queen
Here lies the D------ss of R------d *BRACKETED* Tho beauteous she Was forced to Yield Death shook his Dart & won ye field.
Here lies the E---R--S of R------A. How could you death This Empress slay For her one life she would a Million Pay
Here lies y Q------N o F-----CE Death has placed her on her Rump To play her cards Till the last Trump
Here lies Miss V-----N *BRACKETED* I did not like the P-----E of Ws for fops like him Might oft tel Tales
The Three Vernons, Works
H *BRACKETED* Lies Mrs S--H--N *BRACKETED* To Heavn'n would you find a path Go follow this Fair Maid of Bath
Death like the Scandalous of Tongue You neither Spare The old nor Young, Miss Y-----g
Here Lieth L-----y F-----h Her loss why should another Weep Who dozd Before now's fast Asleep
Here lies D------s of G------R *BRACKETED* If charms and Virtue could life Save She neer had been within the Grave
Mrs M-----N So cold a Lover neer was known Death lies upon Me like a Stone
Ladies Fair and Frail
Here lies Mrs S--D--NS Her fate weep not Whom her survive For in our mem'ry She's alive.
Q------n of S------N I die resigned in spight of Foes Since I have Scrached Britannias Nose
Here lieth The P-----ss R------L. Here lies the Mildest of ye fair She was too good for Heaven to spare
Here lies Mrs R------N *BRACKETED* If with thee You'd have me dwell Go Death & Bring me Florizel
Here lies Miss F------n O Death from you This ought to far be *BRACKETED* To take poor Joan Without her Derby
L-----y A------R Beneath lies the blooming Archer Q--sb--y D------e *BRACKETED* Neer Seem'd more starcher
Below lieth L-----y W--s--y *BRACKETED* I ne'er before was sick of love I prithee Death a little move
N° 8 N° . . .  OPEN>> . Text:  OPEN>> I Promise to pay to the Right Honorable \\ William Pittachio or Bearer, Two Pence, on \\ the dissolution of his Great Paper Manufactory and \\ the Circulation of Specie only. \\ London, the Ist day of August, 1807, \\ For Self, Silvertouch & Lovegold \\ *BRACKETED* Brass Hatepaper. \\ Pence TWO. \\ Entd George Pennypiece.
Georgius III Dei Gratia
A Scarce British Coin
My dear Billy, do help me to make another push, & I'll give you - half of my Seraglio
New Russian Conquests
Both Billy - the Flat, & yourself may do your worst you circumcised dog! get me down if you can! - I'll match you all, & swallow Thousands more!
That Fish Madam's sweet! the girl made no reply, Afraid of her life {and to bid was to buy) The Fagg gave a volley her sister squard Trim Smell the fish! what it stinks Eh? you saucy young Brim.
Ple 1
—April 1817
1000
Notes
RT
Thives, Thives, Mr Bull
Thank you my Friend there's no danger I have Chosen an Excellent Watchman to guard my House & Property.
Pizarro
Court Plaister
Thoughts on Secesion
Dick Turncoat *BRACKETED* a New Song
Laceys Narrative!!!
The Patriot an Old Paper NB a new Edition Wanted
Hints to Country Members respecting their Duty
State of ye Poll \\ Fox 9799 \\ Gardner 2073 \\ Tooke 1799
Samson
Deluge
Eolus
Muse
Giants of Ossian
Rue d'Enfer
petit-maître
Au petit Marquis
I am only vexed I was not Paid before I swore
Little did I think of this &, Dam such pay as this
They Promise to keep me from Danger
Dam her Gr------e she brought me to this.
These little Villains must submit to fate That great ones may enjoy the World, in State
Fort St. Philip
America
Montreal
*BRACKETED* mes
yrs H Brougham
Emancipation
Budget
Corn Bill
Treasury
Currency
There goes the best half of my poor Head
Never mind your head I am your Corps de reserve
Chalenge, Chalenge
To the D of R
Bl---st my eyes I'll tip him Ward's damper in no time at all
A Man need the lives of a Cat for you all, but however gentlemen come on, as far as one poor life will go tis at your Master's service
A plague of both your Houses------I'm sped
Long & strong
Letter to the K------by T S
Invincible Toledo
Sclaps & Tomowhawks - there I would have him & there again - & there damme! Whiz.
Skirmishes in America by Yankee Doodle
Harris's List
Shiver my topsails if I come athawrt him I give him a salt Ell for his supper
Scourge
Sauve qui peut—The Devil take the hindmost—Run my boys your Emperor leads the way— My dear Eagle only conduct me safe to Paris this time as you did from Moscow & Leipsig, & I'll never trouble you again—Oh! d—n that Wellington.
my left wing has entirely disappeared *BRACKETED* .
To Paris
*BRACKETED* erophon
My most powerful & most generous enemy, how do you do? I come like Themistocles to seat myself upon your hearth—I am very glad to see you.
So am I glad to see you Mr Boney but I'll be d—d if you sit upon my hearth or any part of my house—it has cost me a pretty round sum to catch you Mr Themistocles, as you call yourself; but now I have got you I'll take care of you.—.
Bellerophon
John Bull *BRACKETED* Englishmans Fire Side
Ah! Mon dieu! Dere your Majesty—dere be de vilain rogues—Ah, Monsieur rat why you not pop your nose into de trap & let de august Emperor catch you—.
Will your Majesty be please to try dis bit of bacon? Ah! de cunning rascal! Dere! Ma foi! he sniff at the bacon!—
Alass! that I who caught Imperial flats, Should now sit here to watch these scurvy rats, I, who Madrid, Berlin, Vienna, Moscow, took, Am doomed, with cheese, to bait a rusty hook! Was it for this I tried to save my bacon, To use it now for rats that won't be taken? Curse their wise souls! I had not half such trouble, Their European brethren to bubble. When I myself was hail'd as Emperor Nap, Emperors & Kings I had within my trap And to this moment might have kept them there Had I not gone to hunt the Russian bear
Popularity may be but a Shadow, but then its not pleasant to be shadowless
Lost Or Stolen A Gentleman's Shadow
The portfolio of Lavater the second. / Fancy sketches from life. / The fancy dragsman.
The hackney dragsman.
The  OPEN>> jolly young waterman.
A man of war laid up in ordinary.
One of the twelve tribes.
A bencher.
Kitchen stuff, or cads of the aristocracy. / The footman.
The swell coachman.
The French cook.
The English cook.
Phisogs of the traders of London. / The butcher.
The baker.
The tailor.
The cobler.
The barber.
The pawnbroker.
Portraits down the road. *BRACKETED* / The commercial traveller.
The inside traveller.
The outside traveller.
The landlord.
The landlady.
The waiter.
The bar-maid.
The chamber-maid.
Boots.
The ostler.
The post-boy.
The modern Proteus. *BRACKETED* / Mrs. Oberflachlich.
Tom Piper.
Silly Lynx.
Adam Child.
Vicissitudes of hunting. / Suspension; or, a candidate for the oaks.
Aerostation, or, taking a flyer.
Look before you leap.
Contemplation; or, a long way from home.
Mortality; or, in at the death.
Human miseries. / Washing day; or, a water frolick.
Too late from the club.
The tight boot
A visit from the white serjeant; or, recruiting at the tap.
The smoky chimney.
Trying it once too often.
Dropping in at dinner time.
Starving against your will.
Taking leave, before you embark on board  OPEN>> The Fleet.
A miserable dream.
An agreeable playmate.
Vicissitudes of a cab.
A little un's misery.
Drinking in the new year.
Affectionate visitors.
A new year's gift.
Uncomfortable lodgings.
The last misery of all.
"The cunning man;
Grand prize fight between Grey *BRACKETED* and Wellington *BRACKETED* .
Reaction; or, the reformer's retort.
A rotten borough dismembered; or, the fruits of reform.
Contrast; or, before and after  OPEN>> the bill.
Contempt of court; or, little Sug. doing the amiable.
Symptoms of Christmas, or good raisins for rapture.
The cat-aline conspiracy.
Modern improvements, or omnibus conveniences.
Black cattle - an old tray among the fancy butchers.
A sketch from Bagnigge Wells.
All the fat in the fire.
A family man - the miseries of weaning.
'Toasting a friend;
Pot companions - Barclay, Perkins, & Co.
Cutting a splash - after the play.
Turks from the divan; or, puffing and blowen.
The Norwood gipsey; or, secrets worth knowing at Beula Spa.
Contrast in season.
Debtor and creditor.
The Scarlet Gentleman
"To suck, to suck, the very blood to suck!
This is the most uncomfortable bed I was ever on in my Life and not the least like a bed of Roses - Zound!! what a thorn is running into me - Oh that Bramble - Sherry my Dear how do you find it -  OPEN>> . Sheridan answers:  OPEN>> My dear Charley, I have not had a wink since I have been on it, - curse that Castle man what did he mean by his bed of roses - I am as sore from the tip of my Nose, to the tip of my Toe - as if I had been roling on a quick set-hedge - or stung to death by a swarm of bees at a Hampshire Farmers *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Behind Fox, and in profile to the left., Moira, in uniform, with cocked hat and jack-boots, sits up, very erect; he says:  OPEN>> What are Cannons or Bombs or clashing of swords, compared to the pain I endure.
I feel more uneasy than if the whole Volunteer force was upon me.
It is just such a bed, as I expected the late bungling bed makers would leave us.
I shall never have done clearing the brambles and Nettles from this Bed, my Budget would not hold one half of them.
Jewels, Precious Stones, &c &c
cit
Cheer up old Lewis for as fast as he kicks you down we'll pop you up again.
England
Russia
Prussia
Vive l'Empreur.
wonders and wonders!
there
blunders and blunders!!
shut him up close on a rock,
open on all sides
broke out
snug in the pound.
equip and maintain 'em.
Glass
Eels
first
They'l do no More then we. Ha, Ha, He
Treasury £100000
000001 Minden
With their Hearts so Strong and Bold
When Merrily we Shall see
100000 Navy
I am an Independent Country Gentleman & Coll of Militia
Pious Fraud
English Statutes
Popish Canons
Tithes
We farmers have our Bodys Eat up, for the good of our Souls
The Lord opened the Mouth of the Ass &c
To what a Condition alas! am I brought, Who so many Battles so bravely have fought
Alas! what a Scene to each Son of the wave, Who in Thunder & Fire have always been brave.
Is this the reward for services past, While------with Honor & profits are grac'd.
The shake of the hand, with such Goodness & grace, Shews who is in Favour & who is in place, At Greenwich the poor Invalids will proclaim What at present we do not think proper to name
Satirist
from Brownlow Hospl Glass to be kept dry this side up.
The Young Man's complete Letter Writer
Scotts tribute to the King of England
The interests of Billy Austin are entrusted to my care—he shall marry Your daughter by that Lady & dash for the— *BRACKETED* .
I agree, provided I am made Prime any thing to create a ferment.
Oh! great joy! I shall be Foster-Father to a Q .... n and Step-father to a K.S . .!!! how lucky it is to marry a — Wife!
Ovid's Art of Love
I shall be Secretary for the Home department.
Yes my Love! and as your Sister Ann writes pretty letters, she shall do your public business that we may not be taken from our.......!!!.
Lord Archer
Home
Douglas
Hark Forward, Tally O, tally O, tally O, O, O, &c.
île Ste Hélène
Mont St Jean
What do you want you little Devils - an't I plagued with enough of you already more pick poket Work, I suppose!!
Please your Honor we are the assess'd Taxes
Opium
Charley Charley keep the Girls in front Aye Aye. Salcy Salcy tell him when he comes again to put his Breeches on.
Not quite so low Coll! you are worse than the Opera Dancers
National Debt
Grievances
Dispatches from War Office
Appeals, Decrees
French Grammar
Middlesex Election
Magna Charta
Whitfield Hymns
The Petition of the Navy Captains
To Miss Vansittar *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Other papers on the ground are  OPEN>> The Remonstr *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  and  OPEN>> Petition of the East India Comp
East India Bill
This damn'd Bill has blinded me
Be comforted, There's none so blind as those who will not see
Jerry Sneak
Mayor of Garratt
Oh! Lord—my vife domineers like the Devil—I lead the life of a Dog!
Rights of Man
"Hear and improve,
I come to make all nations wise
Tally ho! Tally ly ly ho! Keep on bonney boy we shall soon be rewarded for our Trouble Here Here Charl'y here's a Dollar for you to pay for your Watch damme why don't ye stop what are you off raid of.
ha Dam you for a son of a bitch, it won't go now you know very well and be damn'd to you but come on Fox is never affraid of a Goose but when his Master is with him, which is the reason I run from you now come on I'll warm ye, keep moveing Dam ye keep moveing.
Oh Measter billy I don't think it will be of any use for us to presue this devil of a Fox any further, but According to Custom I'll be Ruled by your superior Judgment, if you don't Spur me so d-d-d-ddam damnably if you do I per Chance may throw you off.
He Jests at Scars . . .
To Perpetuate the Destruction of the Regicide Navy of France, and the Triumph of the British Flag
Howe
Parker
Nelson
St Vincent
Bridport
Duncan
Gardiner
Keith
Hood
le Mer
Egalité
Libertas
Britannia Victorious.  OPEN>> Nought shall Her Columns stately pride deface;  OPEN>> The Storm plays harmless round the marble base,  OPEN>> In vain the Tempest, and in vain the blast,  OPEN>> The Trident is confirmed: - Adapted, from  OPEN>> The Pursuits of Literature
I shall divide my Discourse into Seven Heads namely ------
What tho' I am young I was not to be had
Woo'd & Married a'n'd
Over the hills & far awa
Vive La Republique
Libertas
Wretches, - I did not expect to appear before you - I always thought I should be delivered up to the rage of the people, torn in pieces, & that my head, stuck on the top of a pike, would have preceded Marat on his state-bed, to serve as a rallying point to Frenchmen, if there still are any worthy of that name. - But happen what will, if I have the honours of the guillotine, & my clay-cold remains are buried, they will soon have conferred upon them the honours of the Pantheon; and my memory will be more honoured in France than that of Judith in Bethulia
at the bar of the Revolutionary Tribunal of Paris, July 17th 1793. for having rid the world of that monster of Atheism and Murder, the Regicide Marat, whom she Stabbed in a bath, where he had retired on account of a Leprosy, with which, Heaven had begun the punishment of his Crimes. -  OPEN>>   OPEN>> The noble enthusiasm with which this Woman met the charge, & the elevated disdain with which she treated the self created Tribunal, struck the whole assembly with terror & astonishment
Spa
Plots
I smell a plot!
Fire! Fire!
a Saddle for the Mare
a Bridle for the Ass
a rod for the Fool's back
Fire Fire!
Fire Murder.
Little Waddingtons Phamphlets
London Preserved or the Plot discoverd a Farce Principal Character Lord Smoak Jack with fire Bloody Daggers &c.
Another Plot by *G—d!!!! The L—d M—r has just discovered that during the Trials of Carlisle the Court is to be taken possession of by a band of Ruffians, Armed with Bloody Daggers!!!— six hundred extra Constables have been sworn in accordingly— * Smoak Jacks favorite Oath, first brought into public notice in the Common Hall, holden on the Subject of the Corn Bill— Oh! Johnny Atkins! Johnny Atkins Oh!
Stealing
Taking
Giving
Throwing away
Deceiving
Receiving
Poland
Russia
Poland
9.
10.
Dollars
Richard is himself again High Doodle Dandy; - Let those laugh who always win, Yankee Doodle Dandy.
E-d-n Patent Vice
CHANGE, LONDON. Two Jews sit side by side, their legs confined in *BRACKETED* stocks inscribed 4 Pr Cents. One pulls the nose of the other who flourishes a horse-whip. Behind *BRACKETED* are a church spire and two tiny figures, each timidly holding a pair of duelling pistols. Text: two prominent members of the Stock Exchange disputing over a bargain, one gave the other the lie, had his nose pulled, and responded with a horse-whip. Instead of fighting they followed the example of  OPEN>> their renowned predecessors, Lockitt and Peachum *BRACKETED* . ... So much for Stock-jobbing and Stock-jobbers.
I have taken the liberty to present you my Bill, and: D-n Bills they are good for nothing-nobody takes them now.
the Nursery
the Laundry
Gentlemen's Withdrawing Room
Ladies Withdrawing Room
Dining Room
Bed Room
Visiting Parlour
Music Room
Dancing Room
Pantry
Breakfast Parlour
Study
Ladies
Kitchen
Porter's Hall
Wine Cellar
Coal Cellar
. . . you get into fashionable hours consider I breakfasted at Six.
all the fashion . . . my Husband allows me a new suit a Year.
she goes to bed with her door shut every night.
the first broken head for a dobbin of Ale.
I declare it is almost sun set it is time Wife to think about going to bed.
When you please my dear I have almost finish'd my work
The Military Adventures of / Johnny Newcome, / with an Account of his / Campaigns in the Peninsular and in / Pall Mall: with / Sketches by Rowlandson; and Notes. /...By an Officer *BRACKETED* . / London: / Printed for Patrick Martin, 198, Oxford-Street, / . . . / 1815
Laura Maria
Aldermanic Contest 1831
Scales & Independence
Scales & Justice—Majority 28
Majority 28
D.W.H.
Portsokers & Scales
Scales for Ever
No foreigner No lawyer
No lawyer
Huzza! Scales for Ever
Libels
Review of the Charges against Warren Hasting *BRACKETED* Publishd by Stockdale
Vader-lands Liefde
tree
Vryheid \\ Gellykheid \\ Broederscha *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , *BRACKETED* above which is a cap of Liberty shaped like a fool's cap, and a tricolour flag inscribed  OPEN>> Hollandia Regenerate *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . On the churn sits a parroquet,  OPEN>> trying to imitate the patriotic accents of his French brothers
Acts
Job
The Queen of Trumps; or, the Cabinet in a Consternation: An Heroic Poem, founded on the Queen's celebrated Letter.
What! from my Wife,  OPEN>> Tis so, as I'm a K—g Call C—g—m and H—tf—d too, Both cunning jades I know and bring unto my R—l view; a flask of Curacoa.
The Military Adventures of / Johnny Newcome, / with an Account of his / Campaigns in the Peninsular and in / Pall Mall: with / Sketches by Rowlandson; and Notes. /...By an Officer *BRACKETED* . / London: / Printed for Patrick Martin, 198, Oxford-Street, / . . . / 1815
cit
Satirist
or, Royal Shaving for Half-a-Crown!
Begar me can no reach to shave de dam Mustache of dat vile Regent for dis basin of water between us.
I shall continue to wear my whiskers as I please in spite of all opposition.
the facetious journeyman of the shaving-shop
No Monsieur! by St Alexander Newski—no shaving here!!!
Ah Ha! foutre Bear! while I stoop for my razor I am kick & yet cant get away.
I am only half shaved! when will my terrible Son in Law finish his Job?.
Fredk the Great
I begs pardon your honor, but I can't stand it no longer—There's my foreman Bob, and Chancery Jack, as we calls him, are fighting instead of minding their work—The vagabonds von't be easy 'till I bundles 'em out.
Bob & Chancery Jack
*BRACKETED* itio *BRACKETED* ... *BRACKETED* eehold *BRACKETED* . . . Minist *BRACKETED* . . .
A
Sign for you now—sign for my Self by-and by
Here is the hand and seal of the Duke: you know the Character I doubt not, and the signet, Vide Measure for Measure
Conquest of / Spain & Portugal
Volti Su . . . .
Plague take it! I never met with so difficult a  OPEN>> passage
Flats
Key
Why that is  OPEN>> Natural
French horn
Map of the Continent
Spain
Portugal
Boney's Orations Vol. 10th
NO POPERY
a full account of the Interest taken by the whole House
No Pop—ery eh? I suppose since Old Grindall's Sons got into the Parliament, they are asham'd of their Trade—well there is plenty of other pop-ery's about—& as to Interest they always took enough of that you ugly Scarecrow.
*BRACKETED* oney Lent
Poppings Court
Siste!
The path to REFORM lies onward—NB Beware of Men traps!
Once beyond these impediments our course is safe, and clear—
Gentlemen we do not wish to interrupt your ovations provided you do not stop our way
By God and
maids of honour
cordial
------Then the Duchess was brought into Court attended by her Chaplain, Physician, Apothecary, and three Maids of Honor. Morning Post. May 16: 1776.
The Nightmare
Thy deeds shall be Recordeded.
Through
; his arms are held out to the right. *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> The Wide *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; they are extended. *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> Circle
; he stands with right forefinger pointing to the ground, left hand on hip. *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> Of Ten *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; his hands are held up to display his outspread fingers. *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> Revolving
; he stands pointing downwards with right forefinger. *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> Years
. He pulls the lobes of his ears. After the title:  OPEN>> Dedicated to the celebrated Amateur of Fashion
Criminal Information
I suppose as I've taken the situation I'll have all old Mother Double.U's dirty things to wash
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
The Bull's Head
Licensed to deal in Post Horses
T.B.
Printed by D.N. Shury, 7, Berwick Street, Soho, for R. Ackermann . . .
Cole
promontory
Charley
cole trade
the bottom
Well, Charley, I am glad to hear You acknowledge at last that I have no fundamental deficiency, but a real BOTTOM
I'll try all measures to bring the matter to a proper Issue
Oh! - who can withstand such charms
Fox
Love and \\ Liberty \\ Delicacy and \\ Decorum
To Covent Garden
Newport Market
Attic Miscellany
Genius of Holman
Prologue
Epilogue
Yes much belov'd and all excelling Pair What Modern Beau can do, I nobly dare Against this Youthfull Phaeton will write Censure, defame, do every thing but fight.
Well done Noble Captn down with him a forward Boy indeed, to attempt the Character of our Friend H------n here, and contrary to your Superior Opinion
Presumptious Youth, what! does the Stripling dare, in the same path to Fame, with me to walk - Damnation!
A Soldier, by the bloody Arm of Mars, he looks far better fitted for to tend my lady's Lap Dog - or her Fan to bear
To what, oh Muse! can I compare, In Heaven, Water, Earth or Air, The furious Epilogue? His Dress to ape, if ape they can, Of every Fop is now the Plan, And he's alone the Vogue. See, to the Side-Box now he flies The Optic to his Eye applies To aid his piercing Sight; Whate'er he cannot comprehend, His Fiat to the Shades shall send, And damn to endless Night. Should Holman Garrick's Art display,  OPEN>> Tis Twaddle, *BRACKETED* boreish, damn'd outre, Quite vulgar, unrefin'd: His W--lls and H--nd--n alone Possess'd of Merit, will he own To others Worth is blind
Scourge
Secret Service Money
Bill to promote Floging in the Army . . . *BRACKETED* oote.
An Ode to the Birch Tree by T Tickletoby Esqr
I have had enough, you hurt me.
I'll give him Eighteen penny worth he may depend, I'll make him sing out.
Flog away bob, you have not had two shillings worth yet!
Histy of Birds & Beasts—The Coote
There's the curious beast!
Shocking! Shocking! you shall hear of this Sir - - Speedy & soon *BRACKETED* .
Is it possible!!
Roberjot
Bonnier
Jean Debry
"Now you shall see! how the cruel Austrians turn'd the Heads of \\  OPEN>> two French Gentlemen, whose brains were deraigned
Publish'd for the History of the Westminster & Middlesex Elections, Novr 1806
Loyal Parishes of St Paul's and St Giles's
State of the Poll - . Paul - Hood - Sheridan
Whitbread new Loyal Porter
Hood & Sheridan
Peter Moore
- the sunk, the lost, the degraded Treasurer
Political Register
Cobbett
Paull
To the Vestry of St Margaret
No Coalition
Sheridan
no major Downes the undertaker
Pol. Reg.
Hood *BRACKETED* , Hood for ever; no Picton
Two Faces under a Hood; no False Votes.
No Placemen in Parliament; No Harlequin Turncoat; No Stage Tricks!; No Vagabond Representative; Pay your Debts; Mr Treasurer; Where's my Renters share, dam
Sherry
Sherry & Liberty
Sherry for Ever
Sherry.
No Paul
no Paul Goose
no Stitching Representative
no Cabbaging Candidate
Paul
Paul & Independence
Paul for Ever
Paul & Plumpers
6.8
13.4
6|8
Nulla bona
Fieri facias de Donis
Writ of Error
Execution
A Non Suit
Warrant of Attorney
Record—
Bail
Replication
Execution
Judgment
Rule
Elegit
Non pros *BRACKETED* ; Plea *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ;  OPEN>> Costs
Special
Rule to bring in the Body
Rule to bring in . . .
Cognovit
Process Bail
Writ—
Plea in Error
Declaration
Costs—Taxed
Extendi facias
Capias ad Computassit
Tales
Great skill, have they in Palmistry. Cowper
this will lather him I'll warrent him. this will make him smart.
Ill Flour him a dog. do you like it Billy; I say no Grumbling
Ah grant to me von little bite!
pauvre Diable, it vill be one warning to him
Prince's Debts
by gar de Minister vas renversèe vat you do call out of his place
What take away all our Business & then make us pay the Prince's debts, besides did not he promise Us he would never pay them again a lying dog??
I shall have a double appetite when the Guinea pig *BRACKETED* is well roasted
The Barbers Shop
You Rascall, You keep a Shop, and shall pay for it
Lord Sir, mines only a Stall, Have mercy on my Wife & Family
With all Honest Men, tis a thorough Belief, The Receiver is almost as bad as the Thief.
Dispatch Pack *BRACKETED* Sails for Marga *BRACKETED* on Monday at 9 Oclock
Greenhithe, Kent
C.A del 1788
Liberty
Oratory
My dear Fellow Butchers assist me or I shall not be able to Keep my Seat
Zounds Charly I thought to have had ye pleasure of knocking John Bull o
Prerogative
Yoke of Infatuation
Whigs
Independant Country Gentlemen
Thieves! Murder! Thieves!!!
Let us pull this old place down first, and then we'll see what's next to be done
Oh then we'll strip the throne of its splendour
Extirpate the nobility, and dictate who shall be ministers and who not
Aye, aye, and then repeal the Union
Now the giddy multitude have got their toy, they seem to cast it aside, no general rejoicings, no triumph, no idolising, as I was led to expect
Now gentlemen, which does your supreme voice direct?—that I should pull the string to make him shake his head or nod it
Sedition
Plan for a free Press in Russia
Sedition; Plan of Revolt; Reform Bill for the Russian Empire; Reform for Poland; Whigism
Has a most ridiculous appearance of gravity, from the creature seeming never to lift up one foot until secure of his hold with others. It is indeed so tenacious of its place, that when opposing objects approach, it does not retreat, but assimulates *BRACKETED* its color to them, and so escapes detection. It has a most extraordinary tongue
This most insiduous *BRACKETED* animal beguiles its prey with a sound resembling the human voice in affliction, and even sheds tears to deceive. It would be most destructive, were it not, providentially, so sluggish and inactive
This dreadful reptile is the scourge of the country where it is found; breaking in with the horrid sound of the rattle upon the peace and quiet of every rural scene. It is spared by the peasantry, as they superstitiously suppose it to clear the land of other corruptions
Unholy Alliance
The Bill of Reform
For its size, one of the most warlike, killing more than it eats, and hanging it on a thorn often to be devoured by others. It has, like some great conquerors of the human species, little but its courage to recommend it
Shall I send your Reverence a Mitre
Will your Reverence do me the honor?
Sir with pleasure I never flinch from my duty
What a charming Sermon!; Beautiful! where he spoke of enjoyment as a duty; And the obedience the poor owe to the wealthy
Rules & Regulations
Victory
Come, be quick we y er money there's no bellows mender here
Ma! what makes the horse what pulls us cough so every step?
Now do be careful, Mr Jones; suppose the horse was to run away. I'm sure he's very spirited
J Dip
An illumination, Sir is the old English way of rejoicing. It would give me pain to see a pane without a candle
I say if a Man has tender feelings, he must be for a general feast
guttlers and guzzlers of Portsoken Ward
Ladies and Gentlemen, when an unoffending individual is stopt in the King's highway, and made to utter words against his will, or thrown into the Thames, I certainly can have no objection to join you in exclaiming Reform for ever
Reform
Boots & Shoes Mended on a Reform Principle
Parliament Street
I like this Plan of Sheridan's much I wish it was carried on through Pall Mall *BRACKETED* as well as Parliament Street then Poor I should have less taxes to Pay.
I suppose the Judges & councell are to go their Circuits in a Waggon.
Vide Mr Sheridans Speech on the Prince's Establishment
Caverne de Merlin
John Bull
Repub. Francais *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  issue from a laurel wreath; they strike and break the chair on which George III sits on a triple dais. The King falls backwards, losing his crown. Beyond the dais is a tall gibbet from which hangs the body of Pitt; it is inscribed:  OPEN>> A Pit Recompense decernée par John Bull.
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Innocence
Sing and Quaff, Dance and Laugh, A Fig for care or sorrow; Kiss and Drink, But never Think,  OPEN>> Tis all the same to-morrow.
Who would barter their souls in exchange for a bribe.
Lingering perdition, worse than any death can be At once, attend you and your ways.  OPEN>> Shakspeare
NB. A number of disputes having arisen in the Beau Monde, respecting the Exact Situation of the Ladies Indispensibles *BRACKETED* whether they were placed at the Ancle, or in a more elegible situation, - the above Search took place, in order to determine precisely the Longitude of these inestimable conveniences
le Magasin de Lancastre pour Embellir les Dames Angloise *BRACKETED* - Indispencibles
Sermon
India House
Royal Confidence
Majority
Mount of Power
Temple of Fame
Road of true Patriotism Now Untrode
Ramskin, Elastic Spring Breeches Maker They set close to the Hips and never alter their Shape which Thousands can Testify Likewise a large & curious assortment of Breeches Balls Straps Boot Garters &c &c &c.
Why you unatural Grumbler after I have done all I could to get rid of your Money you Still grumble did I not give you a Fète did I not Build you a Bridge did I not Treat you with a Smell of all the nice things at my Feast did I not sign the Corn Bill did I not refuse the *BRACKETED* your Address have I not drank whole Pipes of Wine for fear it should be waste'd have I not spent all your money because you should not spend it your self have you not got the Income Tax to keep you sober, & as for your Dress the Thinner the better for the Sumer Season so Johnny go Home to work its all for the good of your Country.
cit
Two new Sliders for the State Magic Lanthern
Victoria Victoria
Necessity
Treasury Bag
John Bull
Money Money Money
Pay Table
Harry will take both sides,
Morning Herald
Me will Post them
Morning Post
I'll Chronicle The Coalition
Morning Chronicle
Honey Moon
Honest Jack L - e
A charter is nothing but a piece of parchment with a great Seal dangling to it
Memoirs
Parl. Hist.
A Seat for Portsmouth
Necessity Amen
mopstick Majority
Excessive Sensibility a Novel in 21 Volumes by the Auth *BRACKETED* of Tears & Sighs / Chap 1st
Why Jack you terrible Turk I could not believe it if I had not seen it—Five Wives at once—why you will get yourself into a pretty scrape! what could induce you to commit such a rash action.
Why you must know Uncle—out of so many I was in hopes to have met with a Good One—but by St Patrick. I have been taken in—!!
Guéri du Spleen par la Cuisine Française, l'Anglais retourne à Londres en embonpoint
If any body desires to know what would be the consequences of an union with Great Britain, I will tell him. It would be—the emigration of every man of consequence from Ireland; It would be the participation of British Taxes, without British trade; It would be—the extinction of the Irish name as a people.
"Let no country ever submit to be a province that has strength enough to be a nation.
You may make the Union binding as a law, but you cannot make it obligatory on conscience. It will be obeyed as long as England is strong—but resistance to it will be in the abstract a duty; and the exhibition of that resistance will be a mere question of prudence.
I see nothing in it but one question—will you give up the country? I forget for a moment the unprincipled means by which the Union has been promoted; and I look on it simply as England reclaiming in a moment of our weakness that dominion which we exported *BRACKETED* from her in a moment of our virtue.
I warn you—do not dare to lay your hand on the Constitution, I tell you that if circumstanced as you are you pass this act, it will be a nullity, and that no man in Ireland will be bound to obey it. I make this assertion deliberately . . . you are appointed to act under the constitution not to alter it . . . and if you do so your act is a dissolution of the government you resolve society into its original elements, and no man in the Land is bound to obey you
cit
Vote of Thanks respecting the Expedition to Copenhagen
Erase those lines from your Journal
Erase
Sublime & Beautiful
Essay on the management of Bees
Revelation XIII And the World Wondered after the Beast
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Compartment Ist
Sun
S. H.
No Pope
Hail King of Strathbogy! Petty France, Bridle Lane, and the Kingdom of Kew!
Medical Evidence Extraordinary. Pall Mall. Jan. 16. 1789. After eating a haggas for supper, her Grace slept well - woke refreshed, and eat a hearty breakfast, with good proportion of lacing to her tea - grew afterwards disturb  OPEN>> d - on Pit's entering the room, discharg'd an utensil *BRACKETED* full in his face, but recollected herself soon after, and ask'd if he could like where it came from - fix'd furiously the vessel on his head - said the crown was empty, and he should have it. Lady Courtown call'd in the evening - assur'd her Grace that people frequently became more reasonable from insanity - applied to me, I confirmed it - said the frost was gone - then Billy's out, she replied - ask'd why Lord Brudenell was not included in the thaw - supposed nothing but Court sunshine would do it these flattering symptoms are attend *BRACKETED* with a pulse of 125, which considerably encreases the good hopes I entertain of her Grace. Wil Lies. Vide Morng Herald
My tongue has sworn but still my mind is free
Kissing the pope's toe, took its rise from the custom of kneeling to sovereigns, introduced by Dioclesian. Thence also the custom of a vassal's kneelin *BRACKETED* to his lord, in homage.
Catholic Gridiron
Church of England
Thick and Thin
Independents
a churnstaff, with a halter and noose, in which he will be caught at length
Hoult *BRACKETED* the orange parson, now turned into a radical reformer, with a broken orange lilly hanging out of his pocket.
a Suffolk farmer
the Attorney to the Club *BRACKETED* , with his cloven foot displaying itself and his crest, the Knave of Clubs tied to his tail
MP
the Down Mob Orator and M.P.—his tail shewing the rat, emblematic of the M.P's intention to rat to the Duke
Sheerman
Independance Club
Pretty Poll!!!
the arms of the Club
The Post Coach Paddy Runagain—The owner begs to say that as he is INNdependent & has a large interest at stake he wishes for some one to take the JOINT expence being no longer able to aFFORDE it!
Forde No Junction
Forde for Ever
Every Dog has his day
Denvir's Hot-Hell
Ecce Signum
ring-tailed monkey
No Willywagtails *BRACKETED* —No Militia Men—No Poling Knave Forde agen; No Junction *BRACKETED* Forde and *BRACKETED* Noother; Capt King and Forde's Constitution No Junktion; Escaped from the Menagerie A little old Yellow Rangtailed Monkey answers to the mane *BRACKETED* of Hug Mug
Foorde Independent
Foord Agane
Vacant
Corse
Corse
Buonaparte
Élève de l'École Militaire
Cen sans culotte
Capit. d'Artillerie
Gal d'Artillerie 13 Vend *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ;  OPEN>> Gal de l'armée d'Italie
Gal de l'armée d'Egypte
Bonaparte
Ier Consul
Restaurateur
Pacificateur
Consul à vie
Pdt de la Répub. Italienne
Napoleon
Emp. des Français
Roi d'Italie
Protecteur de la Conféd. du Rhin
Napoleon le Grand
Méd. de la Suisse
Bourgeois de l'Ile de l'Elbe
Treaty for carrying on the War
How do, how do Charly, Just called to zee thee, after thee prefarrnent wee shall go on swimmingly now Charly, you always told us Bread should be at 6d Meat 5d, and that the cursed Taxes should be all done away, that nothing ought to prevent us having Peace & Plenty, if the Ministers were but Honest Zooks why I be almost out of my moind wi Joy.
Why Johnny, do ye see, it's very true I did say so, but you know its a difficult task, to alter things when they are once done, to be sure I did cry down the Union, but it would be dangerous to alter it now, I did severely reprobate the Constitution of India, but we must be very carefull how we meddle with such delicate subjects as these, I once lost a good Place Johnny, before, for an attempt of that kind, and to tell you the truth Johnny, I must take care I dont lose this
Windsor
London
Hampton Ct
Kew
View of C. . . . . . . . . .
Hampton Palace
Liberty
Truth
Vigilance
Ministerial Thunderbolts
For Chelsea Ho a
For Greenwich Ho a
To the Independent Electors of Westminster This Print of their Staunch Old Watchman The Guardian of their Rights and Privileges is dedicated by a gratefull Elector.
N.B. Beware of Counterfeits as the Greenwich and Chelsea Watchmen are upon the look out!
Well, my dear Johnny how do you like it now?—shall I shift it again? any way to please you,—from your head to your tail and back again, I can't allow you to shake any thing off—not even the Lady paupers
I wish you'd shove it a little higher up
500 *BRACKETED* per Annum
Budget—Wine—Transfer of Stock—Cotton Timber Steam passengers
Intrepid Magazine
History and Character of Stockdale the Bookseller
Mammon
Blood
To sundry | Legal Murders | illegal Murders | Burnings | Massacres | Hangings, | Starvings | &c &c &c | Received as payment | for the above sundry lots | of corn, hay, pigs and | potatoes Signed | Stanl
Salted Corn
Wipe your Sword, your Excellency, as I do my mouth, with a bit of my sanctimony & consider it a good bargain
Allez-vous-en: il ne faut pas regardez *BRACKETED* vos habits: vous voyagerez bien tranquillement en Robe-de-Chambre
cit
My Reform Bill and its Provisions
Oh Horrible! this is but the beginning of evil
Ecclesiastical Revenues Commission Office. 44, Parliament St. August 1832. You are commanded to send in the names of what benefices you enjoy; what income you derive from them where you reside; what curates you employ; the amount of their stipend, &c &c &c &c
Penny Magazine
To Messrs Knight, Brougham & Co. this representation of their prosperous Manufactory is respectfully Dedi¬cated by their Obedient Humble Servant, The Artist
Only one Penny
Ready made Injunction against any new Penny Mag
Frothy
Whig Liberalism
Whig Theology from Chichester
A small quantity of this will do, and dont you put too much of that
Never fear my Piety, It will not quarrel with your Philosophy
Mashing Vat
Penny Magazine
Wonderous condescension & affability
Wood Block
Illustrative Wood Block
Send out the Police, and see no other unstamp'd things are selling
A small seasoning of Infidelity
The Cutting Room with an A.S.S. at work
No one else need attempt to print or publish any thing; as we intend to do all and every thing cheaper and better than it ever was or will *BRACKETED* be done
Don't buy any Cyclopcedia but ours
The Penny Extractor
Never mind your pockets, Mr Bull but take this. I am its Publisher, and know it to be good for a Be-Knighted generation
The Proprietor's Pipe
Pennies
The Public's Pipe
The Pall Mall Reservoir
Twaddle
I am a King's Aid-de-Camp, consequently a Colonel
I have no recommendation but hard service, so am but a Lieutenant
I hold several good Benefices, so am a Conservative
As my Curacy scarce keeps us from starving, I must say I wish for a reform
What shocking Savages!!
Oh we must now leave this place; it may do for the Royal family, but not for a fashion-able one
Wot time was we to be on the Rail-Road again?
I invariably peruse the Court Journal
A penny Guide to Knowledge Sir, if you please
I want the Family Library
Of course you have the Comic Magazine
Holy Water
Quick! fetch the Holy Petticoat I once embroidered. St. Peter will sure admit me in that disguise
Liberty
Franckfort, Hesse-Cassel, Brandenburg, Hanover, Baden
Extinguish it in one place it blazes in another
Brandenburg
Why the extinguisher itself appears to be igniting
Yau Mynheer
Ah you've got my crown! I will have my crown
Fight for your illustrious Queen
Fight for your August King!!
"Oh its a mighty pretty Quarrel
*BRACKETED* . *BRACKETED* PERFECTS AND IMPERFECTS, OR DREADFUL TIMES. *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> The Times
The Times
Horrible! \\ Dreadful!! \\ Frightful!! \\ Mare's Nest \\ discovered near \\ Hammersmith
The Times
I should not have known how to make any thing of the Duke's apology; because a short-sighted man might ride nearer than he intended, and seeing people so much more frightened than hurt, might possibly smile:—But you I have at my mercy. Where's the mustachoes Sir? Where's the mustachoes?—There, Sir— there, have you any mind for another dose
Oh! you officious blockhead, you will get freely belaboured for your pains
You know my dear Sarah I love you very well yet I must reserve a few Kisses for the worthy old Ad-l.
Oh never mind him, my Sweet Louisa he's undeserving your embrace's and only fit for walking the Quarter Deck.
Warwick Gude
Sung with unbounded applause by Mr Incledon, in his Popular Entertainment call'd  OPEN>> A Voyage to India
a lorn damsel at the door
All on the cold damp earth reclin'd
Holy Alliance
An Original Tale, recited by Mr. Fawcett, at Covent-Garden Theatre
Pity a poor Hunter, that's going to the Dogs
Mercy! mercy! on a poor penitent Don-key
Brother Gog leave this lofty fellow on the White Charger to me - I'll make him  OPEN>> lick the dust
And I will make the Don-key  OPEN>> regret to the last hour of his life
Controul
When I a stripling was at School, I was both sly and Crafty-o,
'Till Donkey flew up the back-stair And kick'd them all to Hell-e-o
Behold your Saint with Glorious English Fare, Noble Sirloin, Rich Pudding and strong Beer. For you my Heart's of Oak, for your Regale, Here  OPEN>> s good old English Stingo Mild & Stale. This Porter is by Famous Calvert made, Justly Renowned of all the Brewing Trade. Such cheer as this will make you Bold & Strong, Who'd not on such a Noble Saint, Rely on
Gold stick
Gulliver the little in Brob-dignag
Bedlam
or this
Presents Bulse
Matam, dese be prescious Stone - inteed
Gulliver the great in Lilliput
Peerage
Hastings
The Bill the whole Bill & nothing but the Bill *BRACKETED* of the Peformance *BRACKETED* of the Nonpareil Cal'dcraft
The Nonpareil Juggler Cal'dcraft *BRACKETED* lately exhibited in the Metropolis by Monsieur Villanton with unheard of Success!!!—
"Supposing, the Measure to be carried into effect, I should be very much Surprised indeed if the Noble Lord could conduct the Government with his New Parliament, and of this I am satisfied, that if the Noble Lord could not nobody else could or would attempt it. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . and if indulged to the extent of their wishes *BRACKETED* , satisfied I am that they would not long have a King or House of Lords to participate in the Government of the Country. If I were asked how the institutions of the Country would work under the New Constitution I should reply,  OPEN>> A great deal worse than before
Grey Licensed dealer in Curiosities
Valk up Gemmen, Valk up! Here you may see the most wonderful Juggler, who eats up his own words! not at all in the usual way practiced by Pretenders to the: Craft and which is now become almost as common a trick as swallowing a Sword; but in a manner the most extraordinary and unparalleled! He likewise plays off many strange antics, quite peculiar to himself and most curious and amusing to behold! I avow Gemmen, I Challenge the universal World to produce such a Shew as this here Juggler makes of himself
I am tired of Bankes booth beside this promises more amusement, and, I likes novelty, so here I goes
Bankes and Co's Old Established Booth
If our friends dont come up faster we may shut up Shop
This Juggler is juggling all our Customers away from us
Sketches ..
Vide the speech of the Tipperrary Member in the House of Commons 22 May 1816.
Motion to put down illicit Distillation in Ireland.
It is impossible to put down illicit Distillation in Ireland because all the great people encourage it by drinking the Poteen in preference to the Legal whiskey, it is call'd Poteen because it is made in a little Iron pot, over a turf fire in a mud Cabin—The Marquis of Abercorn & Lord Chancellor Manners are both very fond of it & so was the late Duke of Rutland! I am also very fond of it myself. I never go to bed without taking the full of a Quart Noggin!!*—The present Duke of Richmond when Lord Lieutenant of Ireland always preferr'd the illicit Whiskey, & would never smoke his pipe without a pint of it made into Punch; in short, it is the most wholesome drink imaginable & the finest Diuretic in the world,†. The numerous military Parties employed in Ireland to hunt out & destroy unlawfull Stills, only multiply their number & increase the Consumption of the prohibited Spirit, Tenfold, as it is notorious that all the time they are out upon Duty they do nothing else but drink the Poteen from Morning†† to Night!!!—*.
* a laugh—†Several members laugh'd so immoderatly that they soon found by woefull Experience that the speech of the Gallant Gen *BRACKETED* was as violent a Diuretic as Poteen could possibly be ††Here the General having exhausted his Spirits sat down amid peals of laughter.
Tis not in Mortals to command Success.
To the visible and invisible members of the Holy Alliance
Oil of Steel
Discord
"The devil will not have me damn'd, but the oil that is in me should set hell on fire
Satire
Courier
Herald
Times
Lost a tooth! nice place for my pipe
Signals of distress
Firing a salute
Playing with one String
Drumming with one stick
Seeing with one eye
Going on one Leg
Wearing but one Coat
Finishing with one string
I think I should like them ere Wenus and A Polly for my Drawing Room
I'd be happy to do the Fine Arts in your New Mag and would cut them up or give it fat as you desired it
But you must extract the Osseous part
We'll make no bones of that Sir!
I say Jem have you read Don Juan
Oh! lauks no Master won't let me, he says its so Smutty
But Mister Painter wheres the Mind the Intellect
On its March Mam, be there next sitting
The Brave Belgiuns
March my brave French to the help of our Brother of Belgium and if he donit *BRACKETED* want your help why help yourselves to some of his Fortresses
Are those Troops yonder Frenchmen
Ajaw Mhyneer
Donner and Blitzen then we must to the right-about. They have an Orange Boven flag
Never go Dressed to a Masquerade in an Hackney Coach without looking to the Lynch Pins
Law
Now on your Oath was it a Flannel Petticoat or a Dimity
Physic
Put out your Tongue. Let me feel your Pulse
Divinity
The labourer is worthy of his hire
the worst feature in this face is the obliquity of the eyes
Arts
Oh Sir never submit your hair to a barber come to an Artist like myself
Arms
Sare me ave lef me legs in de Breeches
Commerce
For de Coat de Vaistcoat de shoes and de two Hats I vill give you one Shilling
How Strange! How Myterious *BRACKETED* !
Id give my Wiskers to know what its about
Tenants at will
There Mr Bull that's the Card
Then I shall trump it my Lord
Ballot
Bull
That's a trick at any hour
Stables *BRACKETED* Hobby Horses taken in to mind or Stand at Livery NB a Fine Stud of Real Horses To Be Sold as cheap as dogs meat—The present proprietor going into the Hobby Line.
Othello's Occupation's gone.
I'll warrant him sound Sir & free from Vice.
I can see he has been down once or twice though my lad.
He seems to me Jack not to have quite Barrel enough.
Good fore hand by Jupiter.
Chancelor Oxford
Bateaux plats
Journée de St Cloud
Jour de sa déchéance
The spur the system of destruction
La folie
fabrique de sire
The Foolish made of Wax
The above interesting Portrait of Buonaparte may be considered as an emblematic Index of his extraordinary Life. The Design reflects the greatest credit on the Artist, who is a Frenchman; he has judiciously formed the Hat of the different  OPEN>> Crowns
Heads
Moreau
finger-post
Pichegru
La folie fabrique de Sire: OPEN>>  indicative, that while the dark clouds of despotism hung over Buonaparte's empire his Kings reflected their borrowed lustre, but when once the Sun of universal restitution darted forth its rays, they melted  OPEN>> like wax before the sun: the artist has well contrived to put the little King of Rome as a monkey, above the heads of the other Kings. The Bales and Casks . . . denominate the stoppage of trade which this system of warfare had brought on the French People. The Beet-root refers to the Decree issued for making Sugar . . ., when he lost all his West-India possessions *BRACKETED* . On his legs are represented Skulls, symbolic of Death, who accompanied him wherever he trod. His Sword, which so often paralyzed the world . .. is judiciously placed in the form of a Comet or Meteor. Such is this brief and imperfect delineation of the above extremely curious and interesting Portrait
The Brighton Taylors Yard
We'll have no Idolatry
The Royal Bang you or Whapp ye
Matri *BRACKETED* ny
There shall be no Fornication
Stand stiff for the Sex Georggy
I'll Wade to my middle for Snip
J. Motherhill - Womans Taylor
George & ye Dragon
Harford
Be it known to all men, - that my master, - the most Magnanimous *BRACKETED* most puissant, most powerful and most wonderful great Bear of the north - being in his sound and sober senses - Challenges the Whole World to single combat - and commences his first trial of skill, here in Moorfields, after which it is his intention to persue his Travels, and visit every Court in Europe - Asia - Africa - and America
Paul Bruin
Temper'd-á-lá-Suwarrow!
Swallow All O.
Temper'd á-lá Nelson
Howe
Duncan
Nelson
Jervaise
Warren
Parker
Moor Fields
Such is the wealth that lays In the House . . .
Wrinkles
Lavender
Opera
Cards
For the Belly
Dublin
Armagh
Arrah, now Mr Belly don't be after thinking I'm satisfied—if all the rest are, Och! bother your talk, about dispersing the good things you receive sure none of them come towards me lower than your watch chain: have'nt I been neglected, Och, its withering I am—& tho' some of your bowels yearn over me & say I might be cured, don't part of your hard heart wish me Cut down to the bare bone—but Oh, honey if you get into a row, won't you do better with two stout legs than only one of them—.
Never mind my poor little limb,—as to the belly Clothed in scarlet & fine lawn I smoke its selfishness, & as its head & Governor will see you righted
No Popery
No Popery
Dedicated to the People of Bristol
Sugar
PW
1 Hyson, 2 Green, 3 Souchong, 5 Coffee, 4 Congo
Peter! when I a Baboon see, It always makes me think of thee; Thy Face & Shape's so very like, Who is the Man it does not Strike ? Or where ye placed on India's Shore, You'd have these Creatures by the Score, Chattering thy Graces one to the other And Hail thee instantly a Brother
Come along, what are you afraid of—D—m it let us have a Row!
I tell you my friends I can't keep up with you, if you go on at this rate. *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Grey:  OPEN>> What can I do? you see, he is forcing me along
My good old friend, I want your assistance against these fellows who are about to unite for the purpose of overpowering me by numbers
I should be sorry to see you defeated by such an unholy alliance, after all the battles we have fought and won together; but the fact is, I feel so oppressed with the Glory of so many victories that I must beg to be excused from interfering any more for the present in the disputes of others.—There are however plenty of clever fellows to be had, who are able & willing to assist you, but when you again meet with such, let me advise you not to be too ready to quarrell with them!
Whatever you say John I will agree to; for your will is my pleasure
Fire again Sir
Hood Wray
Gentlemen I sincerely do wish you to lead To Greatness to Glory to Freedom - indeed Notwithstanding this Hubbub & this Hurly-Burly Am conscious you nee'r to your Friends will be Churly The Victory gained & Treachery o'erthrow Gratefully - in what ee'r you Wish I am your own.
Small-beer Sr C W *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , its tap is padlocked *BRACKETED* ; he wears a key, shouting  OPEN>> No back Stairs
Fox & the Constitution
Corruption
Here's your Spice Nuts
Fox Gin & Gingerbread for ever
Ease
May your Understanding lax For making the Receipt Tax.
Alderman Calipash
Politician
Thou Oliver Caesar Machiavilian In that deep plot the Coalition
Virtue
Politician
As Virtuous I am The Vicious I damn.
Indian Tyrant
Extent
Had he passed the India Bill I could no more my Coffers fill With Rupees. Or in Blood have glutted Oh! I should like the Reformer guted
The back Stairs I say Is the forwardest way
Rights of the People
The Mirror of Truth is here held up to view A Candidate Right Honourable & true Who always has been the Peoples Protector A stanch friend to the rights of every Elector Yet Envy & Avarice has made a great rout Because the Shoe pinches they'r heard to cry out
Devil
*BRACKETED* Ocean
Britain
West Indies
Hanover
France
Holland
Spain
Swiss *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Italy
Mediterranean
Sweden
Russia
-  OPEN>> the great Globe itself, and all which it inherit
The Diabo-lady
sovereign of Hell
Road from Kingston to Bristol
London Magazine
That's Mine!!!
NR
Angels & Ministers of Grace defend me
Dispatches
Mounseer - Beau. Naperty I read your Parly Vouse & have only to say I was not born yesterDay, take that as you Like it, I am not easily humm'd, - Look before you Leap is a Good old Proverb, take two bites at a Cherry, old Birds are not Easily Caught by Chaff, Yours as you Behave yourself - Bull.
The Conquest of ye Chouans an Old Song to a New tune
The Military Adventures of / Johnny Newcome, / with an Account of his / Campaigns in the Peninsular and in / Pall Mall: with / Sketches by Rowlandson; and Notes. /...By an Officer *BRACKETED* . / London: / Printed for Patrick Martin, 198, Oxford-Street, / . . . / 1815
Burke on the French Revolution
bonnet rouge
Poison
O
E
I have presented you with the Choice of Four, Dagger, Pistol, Halter Poison and no more, make haste! decide, they'll either suit you well, then to your seat below - the Red Hot Nyche in Hell.
O let me spare the tale! - Tis full of Horror - Dreadfull was the sight! The Hungry Lions greedy for their Prey - devoured each place and pension - -----twixt me and death -  OPEN>>  Beneath the title is engraved:  OPEN>> ------ Suicide thou Balmy friend to Disappointed pride.
Meteor
Do you not know me? I am Napoleon Buonaparte—your Vicegerent on Earth.
That may be very true but you was such a Devil among men that I fear you here so go about your business I am determined to have no one here who shall dispute with me my dominions and threaten to usurp my Empire so go along.
Mercy on me what is to become of us— his imperial Majesty King Lucifer refuses us admittance.
Distraction! Whether shall we go? I thought we should be sure of an assylum here.
Accept my arm Madam we shall soon meet with a warm reception in the court of our Dearly beloved Friend.
Bless me the Austrian Eagle is carrying away little Boney.
stop the procession till I have picked up my head.
Walk up Ladies & Gentlemen walk up the fee is only a trifling Poll Tax & you are immediately in the high Road to the dominions of your only remaining ally.
Paris
Holy Bible
Age of Reason
Principles of Nature
Truth and Falsehood
O the broom the bonny, bonny broom! who'll buy my charming brooms?!!
Licensed Hawker
Case for the Opinion of the Ex-Chancellor whether a peer of the realm carrying on the Trade of an Itinerant Vender of Brooms is not subject to the Bankrupt Law
Ers—kin &ccc licenced Hawkers & Dealers in heath Brooms
Industria ditat
Buy a Broom!
Bless your Honor remember the poor Sweeper.
Just Published A Sweeping manouvre to raise £2000 a yr by a peer of the Realm
Public Office Bow St—Caution to Noblemen—Whereas Lord E—e *BRACKETED* was convicted in ye penalty of £10 for hawking & selling heath Brooms without a licence. All the Princes & Nobility are therefore caution'd not to turn Pedlars without first paying the Duty!
To what base purposes may we not return Horatio— why may we not trace the Noble Lord Chancellor of England as a Hawker of Brooms!!
Scene From the IInd act of.
Magistrates & Landowners of DERBY beg leave most humbly to approach your Grace & implore you to condescend to take into . . .
Poor Gentlemen! they must labour under some mental delusion I believe they take me for the Great Mogul
Magna Charta
Last dying Speech
Inquiries into the late Riots
A petition to the Commission *BRACKETED* of the Customs
A New Essay on Politick By C - F- Esqr
Poudre à la Maréchale
Bergamot
essence
rouge
Cato bewailing the loss of Liberty
Busy Body
Here I av brought you my Young ting for de cood of de countre!
Yes! Yes! for my Countrys good!! I'll die with pleasure for my Countrys good!!
I hope you'll make haste then for I shall like to have a Younger one.
And you'll soon do him over I'll bet odds!!
—Ah! the right sort I see! Treue Yarmony young and not too fat like me! if Billy was not quite so old John Bull would be blessed with another lumping dozen or two.
Aristotle
Will you come to the Bower
There my Lad - I think that blow will settle the Business! -D----n me he is gone in such a hurry he has left his hat and spurs behind him.
John Bull for ever Hurra
Huzza, Huzza
Bravo Bravo
ah misrecordi pauvre Bonoparte
O Dot terrible Jean Bool
For Exportation
Success to the Trade of Ireland
Arrah, sure they Wont gives us a Free Trade, Nabocklesh *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . A cannon on a gun-carriage, to which he points, is inscribed  OPEN>> O Lord open thou our Lips and our Mouth shall shew forth thy Praise
A short Money Bill, a free Trade, or else
Crom a Boo
In the country, going to a party to dinner, getting very tipsy, quitting the house in a Dark Night, and getting upon your Horse with your face towards the Tail and wondering during the fix minutes that you are able to keep your Seat, amongst the jeers of your Companions, what Freak can have entered the Brain of the Beast to go backwards
Prussia
means of Enforcing an Alliance.
You like Skim Milk I percieve, Eat away my Boy, I'll evacuate some more for you after I have extract the goodness out.
Oh! this is a delicious repast, who would not serve such a Leader
English Channel
Filthy Bird! thy detestable Meaness makes thee despised by all thy Neighbours, and even by him that feeds thee.
I don't half like that er'e chap as drives the Sovereign. He's a prime swell, to be sure; but he spanks along too fast, and I'm d— d if he won't upset soon!—
To Hampstead Hill
Hudson's Comic Songs with Music
Constitution
40 Free
I. Burn.ye
Heretic
Testimonial
Fait ye're Reverence I would'nt be rejoiceing too much—by der holy hockey ye're in mighty ugly Company—
Rambler's Magazine
Iron my shirt in an instant
Tis woman that seduces all mankind and Brother w'are both in the wrong
My breeches are too small
Button the Lady's breeches
Let us take the road
And he so pleas'd me
Beggars Opera...Filch...
Candle End *BRACKETED* & Cheese Paring *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  from a bag with which Windham tries to make off *BRACKETED* . He says:  OPEN>> I'd have you to know I've two strings to my Bow!! Down, Down, Down, Derry Down!!
Portland Stone
Treasurership of the Navy.
Just got into my first Nap - how - Unfortunate - come Sir fat touch that however.
Sing old Rose & burn the Bellows
Be quiet I'll retire
4,000 Pr Anm
Bon Mots & Repartee by G C--g
Catholic Bill
Budget
Ways & Means
Bless me I wish I was safe in College I'd never have anything more to do with Taxes
O Lord the Monster
O dear the Monster
The Monster The Monster
Hot Bath
Cold Bath
Rule Britannia Britannia rules the waves Britons never shall be Slaves.
What a happy day for Poland!
Rise up free and independant Polanders - depend upon it you shall have a King and I'll be Vice-Roy - over him.
Comfort for Poles
Meteor
Are not you asham'd of your Self to See all the great boys laughing at you you aught to be you are old enough but I am afraid you have no Shame in you
In in in deed I'll be Good If you l forgive me this time and I'll be very Secret if ever I do So any more
Well has he been mark'd out the Scourge of Lawless Pride and dire ambition the great avenger of the groaning World, well has he worn the Sacred cause of Justice upon his prosperous Sword approveing heaven still crown'd the Righteous Warriour with Success as if he Said go forth and be my Champion thou most like me of all my Works Below
Das ist mein lieber Sohn an dem ich Wohlgefallen habe
Let desert mount,
And when Ahitophel saw that his counsel was not followed, he saddled his Ass, and arose, and went & hanged himself, &c
If I could get at it I'd make another hole in it.
tempête—turbillon *BRACKETED* — maudites journalists—scelerates de la revolution—tous m'abandonment *BRACKETED* —mon roi—la relegion *BRACKETED* —tete—eschafaud—horrible—que ferai je? enseignez moi! mon ange! mon maitre! mon Vilain—Vilain—ton.
Ah Dieu!—quels terrible *BRACKETED* mots—pauvre Prince—Prince malhereuse
Stool of Repentance
Extinguisher
Mungo
Fox ForNi
Mungo's Hotel Dealer in British Spirits
Give the poor Man a Vote my Dear he is a good Man for the Ladies
Fox and Liberty all over the world
Rights of the Commons
No Prerogative
First Lo--d of the Adm--ty
Strike your false Colours
That broadside has broke my Bowsprit
List of the navy
Rotten for want of care
Prime Minis--r
O Reynard if I fall I shall burst
Buss Constable
Soap
12 Shilling Small Beer
*BRACKETED* eral of al *BRACKETED* the Land Forces
That Staff shall be mine
Where's my reserved courage--oh-- its in my breeches
Benevolent Epistle to Sylvanus Urban alias Master John Nichols, Printer, . . . 1790
Q. Eliz: Prog: OPEN>>  and  OPEN>> Anecdotes of Mr B.
Essay on Old Maids
Eudora
ToMr.N--c--ll
Gentlemans Magazine
Charade
Conundrum Riddle
Rebus
Mr Badcocks Letters
With anger foaming and of vengeance full, Why belloweth John Nichols like a bull?
Vive la republic, Blood & plunder, no Quarter to John Bull!
Debt Debt
Subsidies
Now my brave Allies let us all stand firm together & make a bold push, & I'll be Answerable for the Event.
To Amsterdam
I care not who beats, I'll join the Strongest Party
To Berlin
I've fingerd the Cash from both Sides, & will now employ it to Secure the Partition of Poland
Negociate with Robertspierre privately & then - Damn Relationship!!!
To Madrid
Whats the Bourbon Family to me when they Impede my Interest. Hush!! I am now treating for a Separate peace with that Blackguard Roberspere to Secure my own Crown - I must enlarge the Powers of the Inquisition
To Vienna
Well Mack we have made a Glorious Campaign of it; of what use are the Low Countries without they continue to fill my Coffers? As for John Bull, let him settle the business as he can he loves to be meddling.
Note - those mark'd with a Star are Visitors
*1 Peter Pindar
2 William Holland
*22 Miss Holland
*3
*4 Doctor Adrian
5 Thomas Townley Macan
*6 Count Zenobio
7 John Frost
*10 Mr Gerald
8 Thomas Lloyd
*9 John Horne Tooke
11-13
*11 Martin Van Butchell
13 Lord George Gordon
*12 Charles Pigott
14 Henry Delahay Symonds
15 James Ridgway
*16 Daniel Isaac Eaton
*20 Mr Collins
17 Lord William Murray
*18 Lady William Murray
*19 Master Murray
*21 Captain Wilbraham
Behold!
The Farmer's S-----h
Mamma
Address
I'll maul you I will you Brat
Thats my Diamond Darken his Daylights *BRACKETED* . Another fragment of Addre *BRACKETED* lies at their feet. Pitt says  OPEN>> Save Oh Save my Baby
Help the Sweet Maid her Virtue will be Offended
To Order
Oh my S------h
cit
Milk Company
Poor Boroughbridge! how is it with you?
Facetious to the last!—It is quite affecting!
All over my friends! just in time to hear my  OPEN>> last speech and dying words
Russell's purge
A Governor of the Charter House
How I venerate Charters
Joint Keeper of the Signet in Scotland
a vera pretty Seal ring worth £2000 a Year
Chancellor of the University of St Andrew
There is great weight and Dignity in a gown and Square Cap.
Patent Printer of the Bible in Scotland
This printing and composing is vera tedious, but as it brings in about £6000 per Annum I must noe loose sight of it.
Custos Rotulorum for Middlesex
A little Consequence is very necessary in a custos Rotulorum
A Treasurer of the Navy
Ah! this is pretty neat employment I love to count over the Siller.
A Governor of Greenwich Hospital
a naval uniform is vera becoming.
A Commissioner of Chelsea Hospital
As is also that of the Miliatory in due season.
A Commissioner for India Affairs
What are ye aboot ye lazy loons, why are not these goods shipp'd off for India d'ye mean to do nothing at aw
Governor of the Bank of Scotland
chapeau-bras
This is what I call snug - vera little trouble.
A Secretary
By my Sawl I care not how many Trades they make me sae that the Siller comes alang with them catch aw things is the rule in Scotland.
An Elder Brother of the Trinity House
This concludes for the present my small portion of the Candle ends, and cheese parings
D------n me I'll stick to your old hulk like a Barnacle!
Now John you have shewn your Independent Spirit.
That's right my Lad we shall go on swwimingly now you shall steer, and indepedence *BRACKETED* here shall manage the helm.
Comical kind of usage, after all towards a respectable elderly gentleman - however I'll tell my son Tom all about it, - and we'll see what we can do yet!! Curse those Ballad singers what a noise they make.
The same is a New Song entitled and called - Sherry done over.
A pretty piece of work I have cut out for myself - well I must stick closer to the shop board that is all.
Yes - take us all together we have made a queer kind of Brewing of it!!
I never interfere with your first Lord no never
I see I shall lose my Rank after all my long Services
I am set aside altho
Humbugd by Jove by ye old Jesuit
Had I my Arm again Fd find a better Country
Brothers, Our Lords & Commons will not suffer this Game
Go, go, I can do nothing. It is his Majesty's pleasure, that------
Rascall
He's fond of Manoeuvres if ever so bad, you know him
The King's pleasure! That's a Falsity added to a mean Finesse
Our Navy has now two Heads & no Helm, rare Work
Vultus est Index Animi
Licence office
Pigs Meat sold Here
45
Why Don't you drive them in? you stand there taking your Snuff & mind nothing else.
Don't you hurry any Man's Cattle but your own: aye Poor things, indeed I do not like to drive any Poor Woman's Pigs so. I have had fourteen of my own & certainly must know the value of Pigs.
Don't be rash, consider the rugged road they have Traveled so long: I am astonished we have got them so far!!! I think they rather seem to grunt a little - if they once turn the Devil can't stop them.
No Grumbling
Extracts from the House of Commons Report on the State of Mendicity in the Metropolis; clearly proving that Beggars by Trade, Earn more than Honest Mechanics. Part .1
Sure they will make me Emperor
He is sure to come we will finish your Ambition
Shew him In
To the Devil
To Ho or
Hey Johney Who's that
Tis Boney going Post brother Pat.
I am glad he's gone
I said so if once you set him on Horseback
Good bye Boney no doubt you'll have a warm reception
after all his promises
this is nothing new
God save the King
LXXXVII Miles to London 1 Mile to Cirencester
Budds Waggon London to Cirencester
Express. Cirencester to London.
The Warrant! The Warrant.
Our Terms are, to charge One Penny in the cost price on all Teas
Lord! how this world is given to lying! Tol-de-rol-de-ri-do-tol de rol, &c.
What the deuce could my maister mean by packing me off from Lunnon in such a plaguy hurry, and in such a nation expence too—"Jack
you must bundle off by the coach to Cicester arter Budzes waggon—there has been a warrant put in them Black Teas, by mistake; do'nt wait a moment go just as you be—give this note *BRACKETED* to the Book-keeper,  OPEN>> twill tell him your business—take a crow-bar with you—catch the waggon you must, and get the warrant out, if you goes all the way to Abergenny.
un has been at his tricks again, plucking some of them there silly Green Geese from the country, I guesses.
A crow-bar! as  OPEN>> I'm sworn of the peace
The council shall know of this.
What a rate we are going at.
I_ buy my Teas under prime cost—I sell them the same—and yet please nobody.
Live and let live, that's my motto what say you Sir?
Bravo! so I say—so I've always said—and I'm not a chicken—When I was in trade, I relied upon judgment—sold excellent Teas, got a good profit, and pleased everybody.
There's no getting a good dish of tea in the country now-a-days.
So my wife says, ma'am
The *BRACKETED* rittania
You may be D------d all together!
We the Honorable Ancient and truly respectable Society of Surgeons - humbly Petition your Morose Lordship to take into Consideration our deplorable Case, stated as follows. Wheras, some of our thick headed Ancestors thought proper to couple themselves with a society of pitiful, paltry, shaving, soaping, Beggarly Barbers, under the general denomination of Barber Surgeons. Now we your Lordships Petitioners being in affluent circumstances many of us keeping our Chariots and living on the fat of the Land, are truly ashamed of our dishonorable connection from which we humbly request to be removed and to have the sole right to Bleed, cut, draw, lance, probe, saw, hack, mangle tear, blister, burn, embrocate fumigate, mend a pate, potion, lotion palm, pocket, charge and Kill in future independant of the scury *BRACKETED* disgraceful Company to which we have hitherto been united, and your petitioners further pray that all past transactions, pecuniary as well as Bartering may be completely Amputated from the Retrospection of the aforsaid Beggarly, Barbers and we your truly respectable Petitioners shall ever Pray Signed Peter Probe. F.S.A. Simon Slash. F.R.S. Cornelius Caustic Eques
thats right my Lord blow em up
Empty Bottles
Return of empty Bottles
twas Elliot's red hot ball *BRACKETED* , and that  OPEN>> twould be the lot, That their broad heavy bottoms, Sirs, should soon be brought to pot; In fear they cried,  OPEN>> We'll fight no more, so great indeed our loss is;
Proboscis
A  OPEN>> Cur 'tis
My dear fat Knight!
Why did you trust the main?  OPEN>> Whitbread, that Wight who always did, and still sticks to my coat,  OPEN>> I'd rather far was hang'd or drown'd, than lose my William's  OPEN>> Vote
Thine ear then, William, never lend that Patriotic band,  OPEN>> The Loaves and Fishes 'tis they want, whilst we might famish'd stand;  OPEN>> Each contract I'll take care is thine that most brings in the money,  OPEN>> And thou shalt live amidst a land that flows with Milk and Honey.
Corporation
Rambler's Magazine
Bill to Amend the Human Shape
Bill to naturalize bodily deformity
bustlers
Liberty
Carlisle
1400
The New Road to Westminster
Corruption Lane
Old Road to Westminster
Freedom Common
Charter
Endeavouring to make violent love under the table, and pressing the wrong foot
the House that Jack built
Tonyn's Business must remain as it is
This is the truly magical note, which nobody dictated nobody wrote This is the lad with the Cherubim face, Transform'd to a Captain all covered with lace, That carried the Note, the magical Note, which nobody dictated, nobody wrote.
Dear Sam I have sent you a few trifles to equip you for the camp
you'l. . . the little Plow Boy that wh . . . o'er the Lea
from York
to Gloucester
This is the Angel of Gloucester Place, That kept the Lad . . . *BRACKETED* .
Cole Bag
Majority
Commission
Love Letters
Gloucester
My Angel
This is the Duke brought into disgrace, Who worship'd the Angel of Gloucester Place, That kept the Lad . . . *BRACKETED* .
my dear Ang ...
Commission for Sam Carter
Love Letters
This is the Man whose Evidence prov'd, The Lady lov'd him, and the Lady he lov'd; That brought the Duke into such disgrace, Who worship'd the Angel. . . *BRACKETED* .
Military Stores For Buenos Ayres
. . . s Hotel Falmouth
This is the Captain for Liberty sighing, Committed to Newgate for wilfully Lying; To succour the man whose evidence prov'd, The Lady . . . *BRACKETED* .
Honesty the best policy or the Value of Truth
New Invented Bureaus and writing Tables with private drawers
Sandown Fort
the Magical Note
This is the Major that now is atoning, Who paid for the Letter of nobody
Corruption
Magical Note
This is the brave Commander of Men, Who raised an Army of three score and ten, That smiled at the Major who now is atoning, The price of the Letter . . . *BRACKETED* .
Muster Roll
Grand Total 70
This is the General clever and bold, Whose story was good 'till another was told, Who losing his memory, Strang *BRACKETED* for to tell, Was sent to regain it, to *Newman's Hotel That envied the brave commander of Men, Who raised . . . *BRACKETED* . * Negate *BRACKETED* , so call'd from Newman being Keeper.
Repentance
Treatise on Lying to Perfection by Peter Plyant Esqr Primo - a Lyar should have a good memory Secondo a Lyar shou . . .
on Retirement
Dead Letters
This is the Doctor, O! praying for grace, In hopes of a mitre to strengthen his Case, With a bribe of Five Thousand presenting his face To the Clarke of preferment of Gloucester-Place, Who flatter'd the General clever and bold Whose story was good . . . *BRACKETED* .
Gloucester Place
5,000
Potatoes
Preferment Off *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> This is the Patriot, whose courage and Zeal, *BRACKETED* Expos'd all the Tricks he could possibly trace, Of the Duke and the Angel of Gloucester-Place, Who smil'd at the Doctor O! praying for grace, . . . *BRACKETED* .
Londiniana
come to discuss the extraction of some Hebrew roots
Poor John Bull
Have Patience ! and do as you are bid, and depend on a Call - Stand still Jack, I'm lightening your Burden.
Fragrant Ink
Fall back till you are called - you'll all have a Call sooner or later
Give an old Fisherman a few Fish to his Biscuits
Whats Rowls without Fish Dam it a Man can't live on Bread alone
My Wife has a Call for these
You are not called my sweet Sirs, nor like to be - so stand back
I have no Call to open my Mouth now.
Our Vessels are Empty ! Oh ! pray attend! for our Call is great
Poor Jack Bull
Its high time this Trade was abolished.
house
There seems to be much cry and little Wool here
Me have no beard Massa, why make poor Adonis
Scipio Africanus—Here's Emancipation on a new footing for you
Al. Thorp Northampton
OPEN>> I suspect this Shoe pinches—One of Robinson's worst Measures
Floggee floggee Massa, but leave poor Sambo's Sole free
the Hottentot Venus
List of the new Admin ....
My dear Sartje I come to congratulate you you are going to trade on your own bottom I find, I expect soon to be in the same situation myself
Ah! glad of dat broder Broady, good ting! me got only half my bottom belong to me no do much good wid dat
Curse it I'm so vexed that I have a great mind to dissolve partnership and make her purchase the other half
If his Bottom once gets into business again we may dissolve partnership!
Aye and I shall be obliged to part with this comfortable cloak for all weathers
and I must turn Out Ryder
To turn out in my opinion will not be wEldone
Here lyes in hops of a \\ Good Re \\ the Body
Dr Graham to Married Ladys - Celestial Bed
ha ha ha ha
Ld Grenville lying on a bier supported by Howick & Wyndham who stand on the broad bottoms of Ld Buckingham & Temple. Above Ld St Vincent as Truth *BRACKETED* , & Ld Ellenborough as justice the sword in the scale *BRACKETED* : below on the steps sit weeping Sheridan as Temperance *BRACKETED* Lauderdale as Loyalty *BRACKETED* Tierney as Constancy *BRACKETED* . Romilly as Charity Erskine Humility *BRACKETED* . The Epitaph  OPEN>> Here all the Virtues round this tomb are crying When all the Talents still continue dying
Templa quam dilecta
What, What, What! *BRACKETED* all Wrong! all Wrong.
Proposals for a General Peace
I am certain John Bull will like my plan better than any of them, sign mine.
Plan of a New Mode of Justice
The only specimen among them of a knowledge of the Subject, Sign this.
Project for improveing of Ordinance
By St Patrick now, if you was to put the whole of them together you would not be able to make a bit of sense out of them, this is the only one for John Bull.
War on the Continent
I say nothing more or less than that they are all bad but this
Only look at mine & you'll be convinced its quite the thing.
Manager of the Finan *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; he says:  OPEN>> Here sign this, this is the only good plan of management, all complete nonsense compared with this
This is the only well digested plan pro bona *BRACKETED* Publico, you may depend upon it.
This petty effusion of Ideas you'll find full of weighty argument on every subject I assure you.
This is the only learned plan among them, which I have arranged, I
If this is the Union of Parties, I'll be disunited
Greeks
rising Sun
Secret Advice to his R H No Respecter of Persons to invite Tag Rag & Bobtail to dine
lower my Lord
Auspicium *BRACKETED* oris Ævi
Greeks
Persians
God save the King
Long live the King
Ruspini Dentist to his Royal *BRACKETED* ghness the Prince of Wales
A great deal of fever remaining—Considerable irritation to begot rid of, then the Bill *BRACKETED* pill will work well—take plenty of Punch by way of Alterative.
Oh! Doctor! Doctor! your Remedies are worse than the Disease—they are Undermining the Constitution!
Catholic Pill
Regent's Punch
E—Id—n
Popery
Pot-pourri
Wool *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  beside the pie; he has speared on his fork a fragment inscribed  OPEN>> 30,000 Pr Anm
E——n
This Club will protect me Right or Wrong
Wanted A Gard'ner and to look after a Fox, he must attend his Duty in the House, or he'll be of no use to his Employers, enquire of the Westminster Electors
Pat *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  headed with the Royal Arms. A small bill is  OPEN>> Lost a black Fox dog
The Novel mode adopted by the Family of the Mushrooms in the Parish of Mary Bare Bone *BRACKETED* at the West end of a large metropolous to tame an injured Husband.
To Edge-way *BRACKETED* Road accomodation Feilds
Come along till I pick your Bones & dink *BRACKETED* your Blood in our Marrow bone den & watch house.
Bow wow wow, well done Bruin: give him another Russian Hug, I shall douse the Scoundrel & Blackguard a Cribber & a Chopper for Sisters sake.
In a few days I lost a Wife / The Cause of all my ills in life.
Take him away in a Gale / Or unto all the Town he'll tell the Tale.
A Rotten Tooth taken from a Son in Law
List of New Publications Trials—Perjury—Assaults—Common Pleas —Verdict Guilty—Treatise upon Matrimonial Swindling or Female Art Exposed!!!
perjured wife
Tooth Drawer
Husbands Provided for, Pregnant Daughters, Articles of Peace writ; with dispositions at Public Offices . . . The Art of Swearing Safe taught—Wives starved in 9 days—Sons taught Pugilism, Husbands confined, Lies prepared for the Public Journal, Nauseous Draughts to Purify Stinking Breaths &c &c, By the 31st Cozen of Rear Auther O'B.....y Oh—late a livery Servant Now an eminent Medical Gentleman, Furnished Lodgings.
Make haste Daughter dont let him see you—We have diddled him out of the £35.
I have all Sisters fortune but the 6 penny Cracked Pitcher —I hope he wont send me to Bow Street.
Best pull them down 2000 of 'em by God stuck all about the parish oh dear! oh dear!
Aye Aye Serjeant & 500 in Portman Square.
Breif Standwell v Badly Son & Co.
St George—thus I trample on Perjury Polution & Perfidy
Elopement—to Tradesmen & the publick This is to give Notice.
Ultimatum No 1
Ultimatum N 2
3
4
Ultimatums
Monsieur Jean Bull - I am come from De Grand Nation to present vone Ultimatum - If you not like dat - I present you vone oder - I have got seventy tree Tousand Ultimatum, & you must agree to vone or de oder - or begar I sal Kick you out of de Europe - Lacquey has got Dem in de Sac, & will leave Dem for your consideration. Health and Fraternity Citizen Bull!
Hark ye! Mr Frog. I was just feeling in my Pocket for a little bit of waste Paper, & you have just supplied me in time so now get you gone, or I'll shew you the use of my Horns, by tossing you old England
Rat Catcher
W.P.
Perdition catch such Vermin
Field of Contention
St Stephens Kennell
"There were two Beds in the room, and a Woman's gown was hung on a rope to make a curtain of seperation between them. After we had offered up our private devotions *BRACKETED* . Vide Journal p. 153 *BRACKETED* .
in Glenmorison, the celebrated Spider Scene
Sommerset House London
Precept
Precept. Example
Alas! the world is teeming with those abominable Caricatures, and they are all against our party. But for N° 3 I should have sworn the author of them was a hirling *BRACKETED* of the Christian Instructor. It is said there is tobe a dozn more
To the Editor of the Edinr Observer Sir yours Anglicana
O, Anglicana, bitterly do I repent entering into this controversy. For what with Caricatures & Pamphlets, we are sorely beset on every side. I fear we are really undone
Apocrypha, canon type
Mamma, where did you get so many funny pictures of Papa & you & Uncle Clodpole Hobnail
Wardlaw Review
Letter to Ld Bexley *BRACKETED* ; W. A. Thomson; Paxton's Pamphlet *BRACKETED* ; Haldane *BRACKETED* ; Christian Instructor Jany 1828; Feby 1828
They speak of Caricatures! I hope I am not included, in them
Brownie
Ma conscience!, what a doleful state they are in; I must not mention that there is another Caricature out today—you are come in good time Mr Hobnail to console the Beau Ideal *BRACKETED* and his spouse
Scourge
Bourbon Party
Hereditary right for ever D—n all upstarts.
A Map of Poland in Russia
Italian States
Claims to the Throne of France to be made in due Season
Sweedish Pomerania
Heigh ho for an Empire! this is not enough for me *BRACKETED* .
well. Mr Patrole I think we've Doctor'd them at last.
Vive le Roi,
Vive les Bourbons,
Vive l'Empereur.
Bloody revenge the first Oppertunity
Bloody Murder as soon as Possible
Stolen goods to be restor'd to the right owners
Den of Da—nation
Priest Craft
Hymns to accompany the Dying Groans of the Spanish Patriots
Death warrants
Bigotary
Director of the HOLY inquisition
Mount Vesuvius
a Rat! a rat! Dead for a Ducat.
what is my crime? it must be ambition: but for that:! I might have been the Continental ruler now!!
O! ye Kings of the Earth! take warning & let the fate of your outcast brother be of benfit to mankind
Furious John Bull!
Curse the Bull! he's upset me at last!—he's provok'd at seeing so many New hobbies—Nothing but ill luck, now I'm run foul into Richmond! I suppose I must give up Riding & and *BRACKETED* Driving these strange things as I feel I am not strong enough to stand it!
my Mother's Jewels
Admiralty droits perquisites of Office &c
private pickings
£10,000 a year for seeing my father!
D—n him he's always at me whenever he sees me or any thing that belongs to me, Even my Clarke could not Escape! Now I suppose he's angry at the load I am carrying away
Prerogative
Faction
East India Bill
Receipt Tax
First Typhon strove more daring than the rest, With impious hands the imperial bolts to wrest: Him and his Crew the red right arm of jove, Down to their native Hell indignant drove
Long have I view'd thy troubled Soul Fear not for thou shal't yet controul And be Great Britains chief------ England will sink without thy aid Take this good Wand be not afraid And guard its pudding & its beef  OPEN>>  Behind her *BRACKETED* is a temple,  OPEN>> Sacred to Liberty
The Tour
Every Man his own Farrier
The Diamond
Gold Dust
The Shawl
The Curtain
a  OPEN>> Yet aft a ragged Cowte's been known b  OPEN>> To mak a noble Aiver;  OPEN>> So, Ye may doucely fill a Throne, c  OPEN>> For a
There, Him at Agincourt wha shone,  OPEN>> Few better were or braver;  OPEN>> An
He was an unco shaver  OPEN>> For monie a day.
Injustice
Order of Blacklegs
Helmet of Unrighteousness
Petn Kirkwa *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  ;  OPEN>> Westminster Election
Private list 2500 bad votes on my side of the Question
Ways and means P-- W-- *BRACKETED* Newmar *BRACKETED* Brooks's--Dutchess--North--D-- de Chart *BRACKETED* &c. &c. &c. &c
India Bill For the better security Of power to me and my Friends
Fox
Liberty of the Press
I could weep rivers of tears congenial souls must feel like I & thee
This extraordinary animal has just arrived from the Continent—In size and appearance it resembles the Orang Outang—A short time since it assumed the importance of one of the human Species— arrayed itself in Military Costume, flourished its sword, fired several pieces of cannon, and dealt destruction wherever it moved—It's ferocity is unequaled It has much cunning, tho' its imbecility counteracts its subtlety—Its aversion to Liberty is so great that it has caged itself for life, and at the idea of Freedom changes colour and becomes dreadfully convulsed—If it were set at liberty it is much feared it would be the cause of its own destruction
I wonder my dear, how it would look on a tree
Anti-Jacobin Review
Spoken before a select party of Friend's - This season true my Principles I've sold, To fool the world & pocket George's gold, Prolific mine! anglo-peruvian food Provok'd my taste - and Candidate I stood, - While Kemble my support with LOYAL face Declares The PEOPLES CHOICE with stage-trick grace
paid for out of John's Property Tax [repealed in 1816, see No. 12750, &c.), Who is dos'd to his grave, ...By the doctor...
unknown
The People
Dat is right my brave Friends - take to your heels - for here is dat dam Jean Bool - Coming over on his Lion.
R.A
Emancipation
Its our Royal Will & pleasure to be delivered.
Ministerial Forceps
Political Caudle
THE TIMES
The Times
Oh! the dear creature, how many will accompany it to Ireland, to spend thier money—no doubt Dublin will become more fashionable than Paris—now Doctor never mind the windy warfare of those Gentlemen above!
winds
Faction
Blow away Wind-chelsea kill the Brat.
Aye, Aye, or Cripple it.
I used to think that Paliatives were the right Medicine, but the Doctor has convinced me something more active is wanted.
No Popery
Brethren, Brethren, Mother Church is in danger.
Oh the imp, if we catch it we'll Burke it!
The Sword of the Lord, and of Gideon, peradventure we may destroy this fiend of Satan.
Book of Faith
A beast of the bottomless Pit—a beast of the Seven Hills—a horned beast with fire and sword.
Pray Sir what sort of a beast be it?
Yes
I say Dan, will Mancipation make the Prates grow?
Dan, shall we get plenty of Whiskey?
Will bogs breed Pigs & shall we all wear warm wigs & silk cloaks like you Dan?
No doubt this will become a Popish Country, that is if they get the loaves & fishes
Gold Silver Smith
P—l I am in great want of a few good heads to place in our Cabinet before the Opening of our new house in October: and I see some here, which I think would answer if they could be had upon reasonable terms
I perceive that the places of some have been changed and their value raised since I last saw them, and pray observe the strange mixture of heads upon the upper shelf!
May be had seperately or together
Yorkshire to wit
Rolls
Chancery
Middlesex
This head wont be sold until it be bought
This Group to be sold in one lot
P. Board of Trade
Colonies; Palmerston,  OPEN>> Foreign Sec: OPEN>> ; Melbourne,  OPEN>> Home Sec
Ireland
Magr Genl of Bombardiers
Antique
A French Pattern of inestimable value The Peoples Choice
2s/5d
These small Busts may be had remarkably cheap
cit
Aye—Aye—Master Boney—I thaught I should bring You to it one of those days, You have carryed on the trade of Grinding long enough to the Anoyance Of your Opressed Neighbours—One good turn deserves another —Give him a Turn Brother Alexd—and let us see how he—likes a Taste.
Conjugation of the Verb To Reform—
Reformers First Primer
Say after Me I Shou'd Reform Thou Shoudst Reform He Shoud Reform We Shou'd Reform You Shou'd Reform They Shou'd Reform
I Can't Reform
cit
This is a Piece!! *BRACKETED* Peace of heavy Burdens *BRACKETED* .
Well my dear Bess, how do you Feel? . . . *BRACKETED* .
I feel much Exhausted, Mamma but I'm resolved to pursue the Point as far as it will go.
Plague on it what are you about all this time, you are a long while Humbugging! . . . *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* .
Alas! my Sporting days are over there was a Time when with the assistance of My Clarke!!—I might have done the Thing *BRACKETED* .
I cant get an Heir! but I can give the Old Bull Dog a prime Puppy.
I wish we was in?
Do not be Impatiant my Love, we shall soon get in!!!—Ah, with Rapture we'll melt like Cambridge Butter *BRACKETED* in a German Stove!
I'll be d—d if I move a Yard to get an Heir.—one bad turn deserves another.—I'm Earnest.
The Channel
British Oak
Military Poppies
Manure from Italy & Switzerland
Why I dont know what is the reason - my Poppies flourish charmingly - but this Corona Imperialis is rather a delicate kind of plant, and requires great judgement in rearing.
No - No - Brother Gardener - though only a ditch parts our grounds - yet this is the spot for true Gardening, - here, the Corona Britanica, and Heart of Oak, will flourish to the end of the World
Georgivs III Dei Gratia
Surly my eyes do not deceive me—it certainly must be a Guinea!—I declare I have not seen such a thing since I have been in the Banking Line—Mercy on us—it may perhaps be one of the New Ghosts that go about—if thou beest a real guinea do drop in my till, and let me hear the chink
Tim Jenkins Banker—Paper Wholesale and Retail—NB—No Objection to take light Guineas for Goods
Munchausen at Walcheren . . . The Dardanelles, Talavera, Cintra, &c &c.... Written by himself. Printed for J. Johnston, No. 101, Cheapside and No. 87 Bishopsgate-street and J. Blacklock Royal Exchange. 1811
Gin
On a Journey from the Highlands to Edinburgh
Wha Wants me
Running two miles for a Halfpenny
Sweep Hell for a Farthing
On a Journey to London
Booing to a Scots Servant, to get him into a Place
Marching after his Mistress to Church in his new Livery
Gets to be a Nobleman's Porter - won't take in a Petition without a shilling fee
Gets to be Steward - Lending his honest savings to his Master
Insults his Master when he knows he can't return the money
Rules the Roost in the Family and Horsewhips the Servants
Makes love to a rich Widow and Marries her
An Essay to be a Member of Parliament making a Speech from the Hustings
Gets into the House and assumes an air of importance
chapeau-bras
Thus ends this strange eventful History
*BRACKETED* .
a large cockade
captains
The Universal Songster
The Reverse of a Sovereign, A Little Magnified
1833
Cambridge butter
Fox against Fox
Prosecute the Printers
Runemede
Vive la Liberty
"Fathom and a half! Fathom & a half! Poor Tom!
Down with Hanover Horse
The hon'ble Charles James Fox Your M------ a Man whose abilities the World have long admired, and whose Loyalty - Integrity & Honor - I will answer for.
What - what - what - Fox - Fox - Fox - Very glad to see him - very glad to see him Honest Man - Honest Man - great Abilities heard stories about him and Boney - don't believe it - dont believe it - be my secretary - be my Secretary of State!!
The confidence which your M------ is pleased to repose in me, makes me truly happy, I beg leave to assure your M------ that the honor of your M----- Crown & the Glory of my Country is nearest my Heart, and while I am your M------ servant no Foreign Power shall dare insult the One, or diminish the Other
Club the First Both Natural & Artificial Flowing from Simple Nature The Size, about two thirds of his Carcase Weighs . Upwards of five pounds when full Dress'd & truss'd up with Powder Lambs Wool Horse & Asses hair Eau de Mille fleurs &c. &c. &c. &.c. &c. &c
Serjeant I desire you will back upon that Old Woman facing the front rank the glare of her red cloak will put the Gentlemen out.
Major Sturgeon O Such Marchings and Counter-marchings, from St James's to Tottenham Court from Tottenham Court, from Tottenham Court to St James's
Tell Billy Dowler I shall do his business in a Crack
Every Morning a fresh List but what an Exchequer it produces Oh! for the good things of this Life and such a Dear, Dear, Dear, Darling
List for Promotion
Change of Apparel brought by Lodo Harm—n
Scourge
Sacred to the Bourbon Cause And dedicated to the Downfall of illegitimate Tyranny
Land Tax Ditto Personal—Tax on Windows, Dogs, Houses, Servants Clerks Shopmen, Carts Hair Powder Horses, waiters, Travellers, income Amorial *BRACKETED* Bears Property Tax Stamp . . .
Alass & must I come to this!—have I bled for so many years in your service & will you now take my life.
Cap of Liberty
Law of Libel
New War Taxes
No grumbling Johnny, you are a Noble sacrifice & worthy of the Cause.
Better to die Johnny then live & see thrive the thing we hate—let us Arm—war,—war, interminable war I say, down with the regicide no quarter to the Usurper—so I said at congress so I now repeat & if it is your fate to Expire at the Alter Johnny, all I ask is that I may live to preach your funeral Sermon.
Secret Service
Contract *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; three,  OPEN>> for Subsidys
for the Army, Navy
Civil List
Why this looks like War! order me a brilliant Fete, send me a Myriad of Cooks & Scullions, say to me no more of Civil lists and deserted wives but of lacivious Mistresses & Bachanalian Orgies—to it Pell-Mell—my soul is eager for the fierce encounter—what—are my Whiskers easier than they were?
I think these will be the best stays Your Highness has had yet.
Your Highness shall in all things be obey'd.
Let loose the Dogs of War!
Here is a glorious pack already sniffing human blood & fresh for Slaughter—on comrades on! the word is Buonaparte Belzebub & blood.
Rapine
Murder
Louis XVIII, Eau Medicinal
Flannel
Well—we've Tally for the Feild to morrow! but don't forget the Eau Medicinal & the Fleecy Hosiery alass these gouty limbs are but ill adapted to jack boots & spurs, I think I had better fight my battles over a cool bottle with my Friend George.
Cave of Rebellion. Resolv'd, nem: con never to run away
Liberty Tree
Liberty
Paper Currency
30 dollers
100 dollers
How
Philadelphia, Delawar ...
I. Hancock Pres
Laurens
Washington
Adams
*BRACKETED* dam *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , evidently intended for John and Samuel Adams; a pig or wild boar is  OPEN>> Putnam
Lee
V... D
Independence
Louis Baboon a Paris
Impatient of Imperial sway, The Wild Beasts of America, In Congress met, disclaim'd allegiance. And to the Ass profess'd obedience, With such New Leader; feeling bold, No wonder they disdained the Old. Resolving roundly, one and all, In the good cause, to stand or fall, Then herding, underneath the Tree, Of Treason, alias Liberty; They boast the Baboon King's alliance, And at their own, hurl mad defiance. Their foul revolt, their Monarch hears, And strait upon the plain appears, Aloud the British Lion roars, Aloft the German Eagle soars; When, Lo!  OPEN>> midst broken Oaths and curses, The Rebel rout at once disperses
One may be allowed a Variety of Mistresses; but I have such a Variety of Masters, I shall not know which to serve first!!!
I think you will be a little Straiten'd in it.
Our Master has put him in a strait coat now; it will be well if he does not get a Strait Waistcoat by & by
Repaird and Whitewash'd in the Year 1807
Places for Life Pension
Honors Reward
cit
I really thought this Statue was gone to decay a long time ago!! - oh - ho- Repair'd and White Wash'd I see - as that is the case - I am sure there is something new m the Wind it is time for me to button up my Pocketts!
Petition of Horne Tooke
Order
Cattle
Riffraff
Hirelings
Oxen
Asses
Creatures
Truth is a libel
This place is become quite a School for Scandal
Encore! Encore!
A few days since Margaret Nicholson who had found means to escape from her confinement in the disguise of an excommunicated parson procured admission in to the H--- of C--- and concealed herself under the mace with a dark lanthorn in her pocket, having by stealth laid what appeared a petition upon the table but which proved to be a vast bundle of combustibles, these from her concealment she Took an opportunity to set on fire which going off, produced a most alarming explosion but fortunately did no other mischief than that of overturning several members on both sides of the house and leaving a most horrible stink, from which last circumstance and her appearing like a parson many of the country gentlemen as she passed them pronounced her to be the devil, indeed some of them declared that they distinctly saw her tail through a rent in her breeches.
2
1
5
el vomitivo
N
*BRACKETED* no de España
Dupont
3
Lafeb
Mon..
4
Diario de Madrid del... Mayo
Murat
Pepin
F. 7°.
Suiza
Olan
Jon... *BRACKETED* , 6
5
Reino Portugal
Socorso Ingalat.. Españ..
Fusiles para defensa de España
Berberia
Inglaterra
Britanica
Londres
Irland
Dub..
Tartaria Moscova
China
Pekin
Mar el Sud
Plus
La Defensa de la España. / y abatimiento del orgullo frances.
Muladar y el Rey pepinos / al Sol de España eclipsar
Pretendieron y anublar / con sus diarios malignos
El Triunfo de Inglaterra / sobra Portugal con el auxilio / de este y de la España.
La Hydra Napoleon / que es un traidor sin secundo / quiso conquistar el mundo.
Hercules nos representa / á España que a la Hydra ingrata / le hace bomitar *BRACKETED* el mapa
La cabeza con cadena / Dupont rendido, y despues / encomendado al Ingles.
De Le-Febre *BRACKETED* y de Monsei *BRACKETED* son Valencia y Aragon / la deshonra y confusion./
El Marte que en frente ves / le envió la gran Bretaña / á juntarse con la España.
A Junot postra el Ingles, / y le hace para su mal / arrancarle á Portugal
Renvoyés nous donc les Barons, Comtes, Marquis, Ducs et Pairs et les restes des bouches inutiles et Couteuses que vous gardés *BRACKETED* à Londres
Honni soit qui mal y pense
ultimatum
A Projet de Monarchie
Satire contre la République
Éloge de Malmesbury
Calais
Douvres
Un Ambassadeur très-celèbre; dont l'étimologie du nom anglais signifie Mauvaise Bourique, se retire marqué du signe de La Croix inéfacable. Les Grands du Royaume des Incroyables supplient très humblement son excellence et ses Conseillers d'ambassade, d'accepter gracieusement quelques journaux qu'elle a le plus agrées en France. L'Ambassadeur en colere leur montre les dents et leur dit Vous avés gauchement publié mes instructions et devoilé mes intrigues, Si vous ne faites mieux je m'adresserai à d'autres. Il lache en mème tems quelques Guinées que des folliculaires très-connus, en se battant ramassent. C'est ainsi qu'en se quittant ils se font les adieux. Des Courriers précurseurs vont annoncer à Pitt que ses guinées sont prodiguées en pure perte et que la Belgique &c &c &c vaut mieux pour la France que Pondicheri et Ste Lucie ........ *BRACKETED* en attendant, les vainqueurs de Quiberon disent: Ce qui est bon a prendre est bon a garder
Getil
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Deist
Age of Reason
One Penny
Black Dwarf with Wooler's features *BRACKETED* . Major Cartwright, an aged man with flexed knees, supported on a stick, holds up a sword inscribed  OPEN>> Universal Suffrage
Trifling Mistake
Hell wide Measures
Parody
Man in the Moon
House that Jack Built
Caricature
Blood & Plunder
Revolution—Plunder
Champion—Thelwals Lectures
Parliamentary Reform—Burdett for Ever!!
Liberty of the Press
Xaminer
Chronicle
What would ye have ye Curs that like not Peace, nor War?
. . . you cry against the Noble Senate, who *BRACKETED* Keep you in awe, which else would feed on one another?
"Il se soutient droit et elevée *BRACKETED* , son attitude est celle du commandement sa tete regarde le ciel et présente une face auguste sur la quelle est imprimée le caractere de sa dignité; l'image de l'ame y est peint par la physiononie *BRACKETED* l'excellence de sa nature perce a travers les organes materiels et anime d'un feu divin les traits de son visage, son port majetueux *BRACKETED* sa demarche ferme et hardie annonce sa Noblesse et son rang.
Coronation Oath
Protestant Religion as by Law Established
Life of Bloody Bonner
Fox's Book of Martyrs
Bill. . . Catholic - Army - Navy
Oh Holy Father we are undone for ever.
I must hide myself
Who will doubt the firmness of Mind of the Father of his People.
Popery
Beast of Rome
Marcy O
Whitbreads Intire
Be quick then and dont trifle with us, we have got some more of your gang to look after!!
I say lay it on well, remember he is an Old offender, we shall flog something out of him I am ready when you are tire'd.
Sherrys - Genuine - Stingo.
Aye! Aye! Whity and I will do his business, you are not quite active enough my Old friend - Come Sir where have you hid the rest of your Smuggled property?
The Forty Thieves desroy'd *BRACKETED* by . . .
O Lord! O Lord! what desperate hands my poor Friend has got into.
Peculation Sack 50.000
It will come to my turn Next so I'll trot off in time with this Triffle.
Madeira
Peculation Sa *BRACKETED* 100.000
Peculation Sack 50.000
Peculation Sack 30.0 . . .
Plan of the Vicarage
Great Tythes
Maiden Lane
Governor Wall's Ghost! - *BRACKETED* by J .... s!
All the Majesty of the British Empire!!!
His Most Illustrious Majesty William the Fourth . . . &c. &c. &c.
Her Most Lovely Majesty Queen Adelaide
Fancy Sketches of Mr. and Mrs. William Guelph. | Should their Most Gracious Majesties ever be reduced, *BRACKETED* to the general condition of poor humanity
William Guelph
Adelaide Guelph
That is, Sir-Frank, and all who choose / To lick the dust from off his shoes.
Black Dwarf in a bonnet rouge, representing Wooler *BRACKETED* , and holding a paper inscribed  OPEN>> Black
"Now all the horrors of the heav'ns he spies,  OPEN>> And monstrous shadows of prodigious size, That, deck'd with stars, lie scatter'd o'er the skies. -  OPEN>> Th
Beheld the universe around him burn:  OPEN>> The world was in a blaze!
Pluto
The Sun of Anti-Jacobinism.
Libra-Britannicus
Copenhagen
Leo Britannicus
Erin go Bragh
Emancipation
Scorpio Broad-Bottom
Sagittarius
Cancer
Silenus
Port
Pisces
Aquarius
Small Beer
Sangradarius
Astrea
Herculanean Club
Python
Aquila
Tartary
America
Portugal
Spain
France
Britain
Holland
Germany
Italy
Turkey
Denmark
Norway
Sweden
Poland
Russian Empire
Persia
Neptune
Ursa Major
Black Joke
Parliament Street
"Bless me!
Who's this, so monstrous tall, This Son of Mars who holds his head So high above us all?
They meant him, Lady, for the Church, Tis whisper'd  OPEN>> mongst the people,
Dear Sir, you surely must mistake Perhaps you mean the Steeple
Explain'd to purchasers
Magna Chart
BEEQPM
KLPOKM
What! What! What! - pull against me Neddy? pull against me? - no! no! no! -  OPEN>> twont do! Neddy!  OPEN>> twont do! leave go! leave go! Neddy - dont put me in a passion Neddy - but leave go Neddy -  OPEN>>  Thurlow, holding one tassel, says:  OPEN>> Take it ingrate! - and then farewell, - O damnation I've touched the highest point of all my greatness - damnation And from that full meridian of my glory - damnation I haste now to my setting - I shall fall - damnation Like a bright exhalation in the evening - damnation And no man see me more - Damnation! O damnation
Yeo! Yeo! - this one pull more Billy-Ranger, and we shall secure every thing into our own Family, and then leave me alone to take a pull at Old Nobbs *BRACKETED* , & John Bull
Oh I have lost mine Milk & I shall break mine heart
You shall have no more Manifesto's Mynheer Bushel A--se, - but a little of your milk we will have by Virtue of Mani-Fisto's
I say Blackey I'll change Places with you, Poss—
Den Massa you be Cut for the Simples.
I say my Buck is She fond of Dandies! eh.
Honi
Oh by St George I burn to have a bite at the Nonpareil, I'll ne'er go to Richmond or in to Hertfordshire again until I have seen Her, here my Beauty keeper's here's a Regent for you now let me have a peep and you shall be keepers of my Harem I shall be able to marry her soon.
Let me take her to Worcester I'll bet all my Estate *BRACKETED* to a Regent I win her.
Mead on Poison
Wanted a Curate
Hayes
To Lett
Farquhars Works
Vanguard
Chorus
Put the Bumpers about & be gay To hear how our Doxies will smile Here's to Nelson for ever Huzza And King George on the Banks of the Nile
Reproof and Retort
William King Fore Top Man of the H.M.S. Brinish Nation
Here's a sad reverse, after all my Services; and you too? Billy, to give your voice, in getting me turned out of my PRIME place
Well! Well! Arthur, if I did it is only swabbing out the Old score when you unshipped me from my Berth, eh? so now we're Quits
Intrinsic Merit
Good Spirits
National Respect
Naval Glory
Public Favor
Unanimous Approbation
Gratitude
Devil Towned
Saint Hood
Lord Hood is a Saint, my dear brethren, as immaculate as a new born babe; but as for Lord Townshend he'll be d------n'd to all eternity! I shudder when I tell ye he loves a pretty girl; the Opposition to a man are all fond of pretty girls! They go about like Lions in pursuit of your wives and daughters! Lord Hood's pious Committee will swear to it - Oh! well may ye groan, my dear Sisters of the Elect! I should not wonder if this Rampant Candidate was to enter this sanctified place this moment and ravish every one of ye!
Blessed be they that hearken unto me
French Habits. N° 9
Memento
River Styx
Turkey | Portugal | Russia
I hope your Grace will not forget my fee
And then remember me
Map. of Sou *BRACKETED* Amer
And me
What do I see—Old Caron and his ferry? And Canning, Percival, and Londonderry? This is too bad by G— ; twas all my own— The Church and State, the Sceptre and the Throne,— Caesar himself I have put fast asleep While Lords and Commons are afraid to peep— What can those shawdows *BRACKETED* mean? What can they want? Resign my mighty power! no that I shant— And yet—I am half afraid that I shall fall, Thus  OPEN>> Conscience still makes Cowards of us all
This Crown sits so heavy on me that I fear it will fall and pull my Head down with it.
You, a Regent, there! take that for your Regency you have nothing but the name
By Gar Monsieur Anglois, now is de time to give you von kick of the Bum
Can free born Britons Tamely Sit, And see the Brunswick line disgrac'd As if to govern found unfit, Or that the Crown had been misplac'd. Forbear rash Youth in time retire, Nor further Vengeance dare, The Scene may Change while you aspire; And doom you! The Lord knows where
here am I!! Betty!! how are you off for Soap.
Lord!! Mr Vansittart!!—who could have thought of seeing You in the Washing Tub.
An Original Pictorial Drama, in Five Tableaux, entitled the Curse of Mammon! or, The Earl's Son & the Citizen's Daughter!
Marriage A-la-Mode
Rambler's Magazine
sister
Just drop'd in to say, he was aware he had many private enemies in the City, by whom it was thought that a Paul Pry had been introduced: but if he Alderman Wood, did not  OPEN>> intrude
Vide Times June 15th 1826
Hyana
Diamonds & Rupees
Back! Back!
Drury Lane
Francis
Law-Chick
to Massacre the Cabinet Ministers of King George the 4th at the Earl of Harrowby's Dinner Grosvenor Square 23d Feby 1820.
Extinguish the lights!
We are Peace Officers lay down your arms
Oh God! I am ...
Defender Of the Faith
Catholic
Protestant
A long pull & a Strong pull & a pull Alltogather.
This is the third & last time of asking.
By St Patrick my honies if it cracks we shall lose our Faiths Defender, but. We shall get the Pope again, & those two Gontlemen could never agree very well togather.
Long live Old George our King
"and upon this Rock I will build my Church &c &c Mat Chap xvi ver 118
Fox's Book of M . . .
Bible
Pull away pull away the Church is in Danger
Concordat Pope & Bounaparte
Faulkener
Master Brown-jaws are you awake Tierney,s Got the Controul.
Writ of Error
My Lord I am awake. We're done over, last time had the Treasury, now he has got all India agst us, all we can do is to Har-Ass him, my Ld you knock him down, I'll smoke him, we're not Able to find such a Speck among his friends as we have got, you see my Ld I have got fast hold of our Ass-o-ci-ates.
I am Able to say We are done over Mr Brownjaws, the Controul mercy on us!
I am afraid there will not be a Speck Scrutiny or Petition this Election the India House is a great thing.
Poison
T's
Proverb
This Plate is most respectfully addressed to the \\ Independent Electors of the Borough of Southwark, \\ By their most Obedt \\ & very Humble Sert \\ An Elector
Scotch Assistance
Now Mr Bull! I try my best, I erect my Crest And at your expence I shall be blest.
Yes Johnny you know me before to Day, be assured I am no chicken And you shall see that merry Bess, In concert join'd with Humbug Hesse With Heirs old England soon shall Bless, But you must find the Money.
Bless!! did you say? hem, then I suppose I may expect a dozen more such blessings, and that will quite empty my Pocketts.
Why I be com for your goods—
Aye and my Chatties too, I suspect!!!
Now sister for a trip to Yarmany, we shall there see Relations of all descriptions without number.
and plenty of Husbands Sister.
Ne pretens pas à trop, tu ne scaurais qu'ecrire  OPEN>> Tes Vers forcent mes pleurs, mais tes gestes me font rire
Sterling
Matrimony
Yankee Doodle
Capacity
Amen!!!
Attention
Humbly dedicated to the Due de Crillon
England, as half Sailor half Soldier, with a head of the Minister *BRACKETED* , is elevated by one foot being placed on a pyramid and the other on a wheel; in his military *BRACKETED* hand he holds a purse and the tune of Union set to notes at the point of a bayonet, to which He beckons *BRACKETED* with his naval hand furnished with a bludgeon. Scotland, as a decrepid *BRACKETED* Highlander *BRACKETED* , is playing to the new tune, but has discovered a little of an old one. Ireland *BRACKETED* , as a young and volatile Female, is turning away in a posture of disgust, towards an open door *BRACKETED* , but holds fast her Harp which supports the Crown, and which is of the largest size, decorated with the mace and head of her Friend *BRACKETED* . She points to a book of French principles which She has rejected, near to which lies Henry the Eighth's Law for annexing the Crowns of England and Ireland for ever, next, the Journals of Parliament, on which is seen the emblem of watchfulness and fidelity *BRACKETED* ; next the Malt Tax in Scotland, by which the Articles of Union were violated soon after it was made; next the Act to secure Scotland from being governed by Kings of England. Over the whole, two pictures, of Justice half represented *BRACKETED* , and a Rider *BRACKETED* half thrown from his saddle, - Dii omen prohibeant!
Tozer
Bow woo woo
The Propheci *BRACKETED* of Johanna Southcote
Begone Satan, or I shall Lay Thee.
I say, your prophecies are d—d lies & Old Touzler the father of 'em I'll expose you I will you Old Brimstone you're a Cheat!—& a faggot! & a bag of Deceit! Out upon you! out upon you! you Blasphemous old Hag.
Well done Tozer.
well done Boots! close in upon her.
I'll pledge my reputation on her being so.
I think 'tis a cancer.
an accoucheur of great eminence
Have you touch'd her Doctor.
What crotchet have the Doctors got now!!!?
New Bethlehem 1814
Vide—Johanna Southcote—and the Public Disputations—
Museum Lott'ry G.17 ..
State Lottery R. 74.
GRII
A Lyon for Paws, for a Noddle an Ass; A Crocodile's Heart, and a duplicate Face; Voracious as Death, he's docile as a Hog; Ambitious, yet fawns with the Foot of a Dog
Tripod or New Satirist
Satirist
Devilish odd people! to dub Old Blucher a Doctor!
Unanimity
G R
Peace and Fraternity with France
Charge agt Kimber
Abolition of the Slave Trade
Fanaticism, Puritanism
Kimber
Republicanism
I feel for poor Bull's distresses, altho
You hear what my Lord's Steward says— I am to return you a Shilling
Anan!
It can't be of any relief to him to be sure, but then it must be such a consolation to him to see so good a disposition
How good of Master It is more than I expected he'd do
Plan for a Palace
Gazette Extrodinary
PEACE \\ Extrodinary Gazette
Peace Master Bull - as sure as I am a news Carrier
the vicar and Moses
My Lawde Juke, I beg leave to offer for your examination a mawdel of a most iligant testimonial, about to be ericted to your mimory by 7 Millions ofthe finest pizzintry in the wurld!
Why Bob, what the devil's that?— Damme if it an't a Rat!
I'll catch it for you.
I'll bet the price of my first Vote in the L—ds to a Nofolk *BRACKETED* dumpling, that he won't accept of it.
Do you vont a Broom?
Being obliged to kiss a remarkably plain woman at forfeits, when you are engaged in the pastime only with the hope of being enabled to kiss a lovely young lady, to whom you are particularly attached
Oriental Tragedies
Hence vile Author
Conviction
Soaring Speech
Apollo's Court
I
Journeymen manufacturing the Defence
State necessity
Humanity unbounded they dared to resist
Assertions boldly justifying
To this defence I'll stick.
Denying his Defence
Preface
O yes, who owns this Bastard
I'll swear its none of yours
None but the Wrapper *BRACKETED* mine.
Defence turned upon him pointedly
Peccavi
With an illustration of a Nabob's Defence
Satirist
Duroc, Savory, Roustan, aux armes aux armes.
Wretch I leave thee for ever.
Dear Image of my darling Nap, / Suck milk of Hell instead of pap.
I am D'Enghien the blood of your King
Remember Captn Wright
I am Pichegru
I am George
I am one of your own Soldiers poisoned in the Hospitals of Egypt *BRACKETED* .
We are the Turkish Prisoners murdered at Jaffa *BRACKETED* .
I am Toussaint
I am Palm
Morning Post—Courier *BRACKETED* —Peltier—Ambigu Satirist—Gilray's Caricatures &c &c &c
N
Napoleon, lo! Britannia still enjoys the blessings of the Constitution—Surrounded by Liberty, Commerce, and Plenty, supported by her heroes—and attended by public felicity, She defies thy machinations!
Wellington
Graham
Beresford
G III Rex
Come Keep off—you are not coming in here
Crown Stairs
Fare
William—4
Come I say old Scarlet—let my Boat alone d—nme you have had it all your own way long enough—I have a right to come in and I will come in and bring my Fair in too—so get out of my way
Whit
Pro Bono Publico
Whitbr *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  lies at his side. The latter, looking very ill, is directed to the right.: he wears Highland dress; his feathered bonnet is on the ground. Pitt stands behind him in profile to the left., leaning against the ale-house wall; he is very emaciated and extremely ill as in BMSat 10399. Whitbread, wearing a short apron, but not caricatured, says:  OPEN>> Gentlemen you may always depend on having from me the real home brew'd, such as will invigorate the Constitution - Cheer up the drooping spirits of Englishmen and make the Heart glad - None of your northen stuff thats sold over the way at the Thistle - My Sign is the King and Constitution - the real Whitbread Gentlemen.
Up with them my Dear Boy - here they come by the thousand and Tens of Thousands; Zounds! I believe his Stomach has no bottom, or if it has the Bank must be at the end of it.
Never saw a poor Man with such a load on his stomach before - the Yellow Jaundice? - 14 Years standing! never mind Harry this draught of Whitbread will quite cure you.
D------n his entire, it has made me so sick that I fear I shall never recover, such a revolution in my guts! no indemnity for the past, sick! sick! sick!
Huzza the Abbot of St Stevens for Ever
16 1/2 Pr Ct
It's a fair price
City Chest
Honesty Rewarded
Morgages Annuities Bonds in Judgement. Colatl. Securities.
Bill to Pre *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; he is saying,  OPEN>> If I can't extirpate ye, I'll bridle you
How cursedly the Lawyer pulls; Damn this Bill I can't keep my Horse and my Whore now
May our holy Phrophet Moses Confound 'em
To the Clerk of the City Till
Morgage on the Green horn Estates
Oh! Jean Bull vill you not let me have one little bit of Beef??!
No, No, I'll be d—d if you take the Roast Beef with you.
soup meagre
N
Stand out O
O vat de devil vill Brother Nap say?!!
To France
Oh! My Batoon *BRACKETED* .
it's oh your Bottom I think.
A slap at slop
£10000 London . . . Lords Comrs Treasury.
Fluttering Macaroni
Pray Ma'am don't let me fall
O! Sir you're no weight with me.
Who sets a thousand on This?
I say done - at it for a thousand
Give me the cog'd dies and I'll nick him
Sung by Mr Grimaldi, at Sadler's Wells
Captain Oakum
Burr Street
capsizd him
Poll of Horselydown
En *BRACKETED* ire
*BRACKETED* bread
Pat *BRACKETED* t
Huzza! Huzza! we have carried our point and shall now have a Theatre as much like a Brewhouse as one Barrel is like another, which is certainly the most elegant of all buildings & what Publican is there But thinks the same, therefore Master Yat *BRACKETED* let it be as much like a Brewhouse as possible, then I shall have some grains of Comfort.
I am a Man of Taste / From Coventry I come / To tell you all in haste / We want a little sum / And therefore beg your Aid / For a pretty Collonade.
School for Scandal
Duenna
Rivals
Pray remember your old Manager, burnt-out & lost his little all—not admitted into the new firm on account of his honesty & extreme punctuality in all his dealings—his talents not suiting the present committe *BRACKETED* of Taste who instead of Shakespeare, Vanburgh, & Congreve, will give you nothing but the bottom of the Tap Tub. as Mother Cole *BRACKETED* says  OPEN>> when we are missed we are mourn'd
Write My Old! Boy! use but your Pen and all parties will benefit so there's a trifle to buy Ink with.
Shares
Calculations
To *BRACKETED* Sides of The Gutter A Favourite Song Sung by T. Sh *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The fourth *BRACKETED* smiles down on the Sheridans. Behind, folding doors in the high hoarding are open, showing bricklayers on a scaffolding and men below wheeling barrows. A man with a hod mounts a ladder. All turn to cheer or watch the procession. They are at work on a plain brick wall; above this appears the top of a hoarding which divides it from the wall of a plainly built house or houses. On the nearer hoarding *BRACKETED* is a bill:  OPEN>> To be Sold several it res *BRACKETED* . . . New Brewery . . . Drury Lane
Wool
in hoc signo vinces
I like this.
Green Bag
Religion
Constitution
O by gar! dis be de grande invention - Dis will immortalize my King, my Country, and myself; We will declare de War against our ennemi; we will make des English quake, by gar: We will inspect their Camp, we will intercept their Fleet, and we will set fire to their Dock-yards: And by gar, we will take de Gibraltar in de air balloon, and when we have Conquered d'Eenglish, den we conquer d'other Countrie, and make them all colonie to de Grand Monarque
forestaller
How much now you rogue in grain
How much now Farmer?,
Pull him up, D------n him
Oh! pray let me go, & I'll let you have it, at a Guinea - oh! Eighteen shillings, do have mercy on me! Oh! I'll let you have it at, Fourteen shillings
Thats your sort *BRACKETED* Twelve & two is Fourteen - go along Bob
Go it
Huzza! we'll have 'em all in a Line e're long.
25s
A New Farce performed with Universal Applause at Bishop's-Clyst in Devon. Augt 1800. See the Morning Advertiser 6th Augt.
Penetration
Genius
For the King
Monarchy
For the People
Republic
Self-interest
Attachment
Apprehension
British Industry
Interest of Levellers
Jews
Gamesters
Adventurers
Argument
French Industry
Advocate for Atheists
Jews
Papists
Dissenters &c
Duplicity
Drunkenness
Whoredom
Gambling
Envy
Inconsistency
Prophaness
Enmity
Cruelty
Madness
Distress
Treachery
Ingratitude
Despair
Gallic
Aristocratic
Fraternity
Oratorical Lungs variably verbose
Common Wealth
Intemperance
Democratic
French Principles
Reservoir for Royalty
Fat of Pidgeons
Fat of Friends
Equality
Assignats
Hypocrisy
Post-haste to Old Scratch
Religious Duties
Moral Duties
Perdita
Armstead
Valor
Fornication
Step to French Measures
Religion
Liberty
Order
Law
Property
Private Virtues
Edinburgh Review
The Result of the General Election
The Duke of Wellington & the Whigs
The Architect. Glory consists in the designment and Idea of the work; his ambition should be to make the form triumph over the Matter—
Marble Arch
Commission
Here is a charge for building Wings.
Yes—that ere's all right.
Here also a charge for pulling down Wings.
Yes—them ere was all wrong.
Then there's a charge for building them up again.
Yes that ere's all right.
But the Bill is more than double the Estimate.
Yes that eres always wrong—we never minds no Estimates
Shewing the most approved manner of addressing Ministers from the Opposition side of the House
What I want to know my Lords is this—It is desireable that we should remain where we are?
Hear, hear
While Winton of late was o'er flooded with joy At the sight of a pretty fac'd Irish boy Some wags would asemble, by way of a frolick Which gave this Adonis a kind of Horn cholic.
This is the balance of Europe
yes I'll maintain it
Cronstadt
Rerel
Russia
Poland
Germany
Austria
Baltic
I would rather be a Baltic trader
Do not mind it, it will bring other wars
No prize money
No Galeons - Storms, Sholas & Rocks.
nothing good to be got by it.
Danzic & Thorn
What a blessed Alliance
pyg--t O I hope all dis vill end in a Smoke.
The Trade of the Baltic Lost - New Taxes Malt - Porter
The Cause of the War
Ocsakow
La Gloire ...
Ich dien
The Assemblies of Women are too frequently marked by malice to each other, and slander to the absent, the meetings of Men by noise, inebriety and wrangling
On Saturday, July 14, 1832, | will be presented | A Splendid Copper-Plate | Portrait of | T. Attwood, Esq. | Gratis, | with the | Schoolmaster | at Home, | Price One Penny
Treasury Beef
sops
I have a great mind to step in, and take a relish
It smells very savory
Dont be bashfull it is very easy in digestion I assure you.
Sops in any Quantity on Proper Application to the Cook
Quelle Chute!
Plan de l'Ile d'Elbe
Porto-Ferrajo
Porto-Longone
Corse
Mer Méditerranée
some Men pursue systems of Extravagance & Waste while others manifest, a rigid System of Economy even in their Amours
Here my Divine Mop Squeezer, I have brought you the Sweetest bunch of Grapes in my hot House & the most delicious Peach—there's presents for you am I not generous my adorable, see how I love you. Did I not watch your Mistress out & immediately Rush in oh I must Rush in to thy lovely Arms, thou Dearest, Cheapest of my Loves
Oh indeed Sr W—it must be all for Love on your part for you Know you have never given me one farthing, or one farthings worth
What is Papa doing?
only giving Betty a Taste of his fruit—
Scourge
High Road to Newgate
A Check payable to Mess. Deane & Co
Felons Side
Harrison versus Ki . . .
Sir Rob. Wm *BRACKETED* Laxther . . .
Miss Deon
Glover v Albut
The King versus John King
Freeman; Account Solomon Da Coster
Brought Lady in Distress
Accompt J Partington
The King versus John King
Copy of Writ John Doe ...
The Reflector
I am the great Thunder
Myself
Reputation of L Hunt
Examiner
Office Accounts
New . . .
John Doe Rich . . . Roe
Juvenile Preceptor
Juvenilia
To the Fleet
Daffy Elixer
Nervous Cordial
Ledger
The Old Oige
Escape Hotel
Poison . . .
Andersons Pills
Conjugal Prize
Sermon on Leather Breeches
Boxter's
Shove Heavy Ar . . Christian
To He *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  on which sits a beckoning demon. They ascend over a mass of books and papers which trails down the hill ending in a pile of old shoes and lasts, below which is a sack of coal and a shovel. The inscriptions include:  OPEN>> Spiritu . . . Voyage
Dimens . . . Love
Lying Profit
Free Thought
Innocent Game
Shunamite
Coloured Saints
Authentic Confession
Scheme for setting up Master
Bank of Faith
Parson W. Huntington
Warrant Bastardy Wm Hunt ...
Magna Charta
Li-ber-tas
Keys of the Bank of England
We Promise the Surrender of the Navy of Great Brita *BRACKETED* - of Corsica *BRACKETED* - of the East & West Indias *BRACKETED* - & to abolish the Worship of a God
Destruction of Parliament
To the Patriotic Advocates for Peace, this Seemly sight is dedicated
Truth
Caroline
Persecution
Lies
Combination
Britannia and Wisdom shielding Innocence
Address to the Deified Consul
We Burn with desire to lick the Dust of your Deified Feet
To the Grand Consular Deity
Acept the Keys of Heaven and Hell
The Idol of our Hearts Livers Lights Guts & Garbbage Souls & all.
We Disolve with Submission
Your mos abject slave Savior of France
Act of Submission
Lond. Mag----
An Act for Prohibiting all Trade
The Po
Divine Right
Tyranny
From Laybach
To Naples
The Rascal who made this Bridge,  OPEN>> deserves the knout
I wish I was out of this d—n'd Po, and safe at Berlin.
O! dear oh!—the Bridge is broke and we are all in the Po.
Liberty
Bigotry
Alas! my Bulls have lost their horns, and I must submit.
Imbecility
Damn your Po's the Cottage under the hill for me
cit
Blessings of Peace
My Weight for the People
I have met with the fate my Duplicity deserved; had I acted with Integrity to the man who had the full Confidence of the People, my Abilities might have done Honor to myself and served my country
Sung by Mr Wm Hatton of the Theatre Royal Haymarket, on his Benefit Night at Worcester.
cits
Orange Boven
Fitz Mo
Clarence's Dream
Unite. Britannia
Publick Credit
W *BRACKETED* n of Ple *BRACKETED* ure
List of new Taxes
The Military Adventures of / Johnny Newcome, / with an Account of his / Campaigns in the Peninsular and in / Pall Mall: with / Sketches by Rowlandson; and Notes. /...By an Officer *BRACKETED* . / London: / Printed for Patrick Martin, 198, Oxford-Street, / . . . / 1815
Sick List
Freedom
Slavery
Liberty
Necker
Orleans
Bastile
Excise
The Rogue March
Now fellow if thou hast a spark of courage left take this.
Have you taken the flint out.
cit
Sung with unbounded Applause by Mr. Johnstone, in the New Musical Farce called In and Out of Tune, at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane
touch'd ten thousand pound
Most heartily Inscribed to the Worshipful Company of Barbers...
St Albans
K. Charles's Pillow
Plan of Operations for 1785
Morng Herald
History of the Commonwealth
My Sirs, you'll shite great things I think, You make such an infernal stink.
Ist
Say, what's to be done, pray tell our Secretary - Scratch
2d
Oeconomy
India and Irish affairs will make - a good batch
3d
Reform
Commutations & Juries shall be my Tale, Such subjects - by straining hard - must sure avail.
Parl. Hist.
Memoirs
4th
Prerogative
Reform & Scrutiny shall not be forgot, No, no, I'll strain to give it them smoaking hot.
5th
To get them out I'll strain as I have strain  OPEN>> d before, Tho
6th
We shan't get in, I fear, tho' we do our best
7th
No, we too compleatly did beshit our Nest
"Description of the hieroglyphic Portrait of Buonaparte.
chapeau en militaire
throat
visage
hand
spider
On the Freedom of Elections
Services done in America
Vows
Marriage Vows
Gr *BRACKETED* Bag
dandy bishop
The Penny Trumpeter
Monopoly
At Home
Abroad
Woolsack
Pro Grege Lege Rege
Diffusing Knowledge
Rod of Equity
The March Of Intellect
The Penny Trumpeter
County Goal
Liberty of the Press
Passive Obediance
The Poor Mans Guardian
Astronomy
Penny Mag.
Natural History
Penny Mag
Botany
Mag
Mathematics
Geography, also the use of the Globes
Penny Mag
Navigation
Penny Mag
Agriculture
Mineralogy
Mag
Hollo Bill vere ar you Shooting them ere Coals to
Geology, or the Formation of the Earth
Mag
Divinity
Penny Mag
Philosophy
Eating House
Physics
Mag
Literature
Penny Mag
I am foold to the top of my bent
by D. N. Shury, Berwick Street, Soho
and disturb the fire side of honest John Bull and his children
little Boney
vis-à-vis
If there is a Fundamental deficiency why call for Papers?
Tria junto in uno
Anglicanus, Anglicana, Anglicanum
"I procured leave to make some retrenchments \\  OPEN>> and some expressions or even sentences
"I pray thee spare me at least! \\  OPEN>> and I'll pray for you.
Oh! I'm undone; so much for composing heretical sermons and writing anonymous letters, and wearing breeches. Oh! that I had never come in the way of these  OPEN>> poor, cold hearted
I fall a Martyr to unsound doctrines, and schism; and in departing from the path I ought to have tread *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Thomson, whose snuffers are inscribed  OPEN>> Christian Instructor N° CCXI
With what inate *BRACKETED* satisfaction do I extinguish those false lights, like Will O Wisp, which leads on, but to deceive! There goes one, and now for another caput of the three headed monster
Brownie
Ma conscience! how easily he lops off their heads. I hope he will spare my friend who is  OPEN>> the very beau ideal of a Christian Minister, and whose very look is  OPEN>> suffecient to to disarm hostility
Come my good Lady, take another sup and you will be able to bring forth some more.
Well I'll try I but I hope they won't have such thick Heads as the last.
List of New Made Places—Private Sec to the Reg *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . He stoops to help Castlereagh, seated on the ground, to his feet. The latter holds a document:  OPEN>> View of Flushing after the Siege
Now my little Gentleman stand up, and do as I bid you. here we go up up up.
Essay on Milling by a Yarmouth
State Papers
Horn
Thirty Nine Articles
In hoc signo vincimus
Woe to thee Boston Sword go through the Land
Le Diable defend le tort
spirit stirring
soul inspiring
Alliance between Church and State
Ecclesiastical Cannon
Art of Poetry
Satirist
Richard III
My gracious sovereign, Now in Switzerland As I by friends am well advertized Bold Alays Reding, & the Cantons all Are up in arms.
Oh my dred Lord the Tyrol is in Arms And every hour more competitors flock to the Rebels & their powers grow strong.
My lord the Army of the Allied powers
The Dutch Orange Boven shouting rise and flout your way—
Out on ye Owls—the last is worst of all. Now all my toys are gone—A horse! a horse my Kingdom for a Nice Dutch Rocking Horse.
11,000,000 Paper Men for the King of Rome
At least we'll die with harness on our back *BRACKETED* .
Holy Bible
"New Sports of the Field
Congreve Rocket
Oh dat I could fly like my Dady.
London Museum
Trap Door
P-l-m-n-t House
Surely never was an Invention more Deserving our Patronage then this for now we can go too & fro with Safety.
Not only Intitled to your M-j-s-ty's Patronage but Also a Handsome Yearly Allowance, for we never shall be Afraid or Terrified again while we can go in this Manner
Pon honor, Tom you are a charming figure! You'll captivate the Girls to a nicety!!
Do you think so Charles?—I shall look more the thing when I get my other calf on.
D—n it I really believe I must take off my Cravat or I shall never get my trowsers on.
Dear me this is hardly stiff enough I wish I had another sheet of foolscap.
You'll find some to spare in my breeches *BRACKETED* .
Patriotic Gleanings by John Bull's Watchman. Showing how the Laws and Practice of our Courts of Jurisprudence have changed since the last century, etc.
being the Way our Great & Glorious Alfred cured the Winkings & Squintings of his Judges, see his reign in the History of England or in my 3d Peep.
Great Scotland Yard
watchman
Aye! Aye! That is him; He suspended his Prothonotary because he wod not Tax ye Costs so high as he pleased . . . *BRACKETED* Come my Lads! let us next Proceed to the Exchequer! We have now no Alfred, & must do this Drudgery! ourselves! . . .
Huzza! To the purity of our Courts of Judicature & the Uprightness of our Judges!!!
Zoons, what haum Baggs they are wha Wou'd a thought it—?
Be the Powers: he'll Hum Bugg no more nor rob Orphans!
And I too was falsely nonsuited! So you are welcome to my old— *BRACKETED* Cart & best services see page 159
Huzza!
Huzza my lads! Huzza!! this was alfreds way of Purifying his Judges.
After having repeatedly tried, in the most Civil manner; to draw the above Judge's Attention to the Treason & Robbery in his Court; & least they shoud have been Intercepted, I informed him by Post see Page 133, that I should do what I have now done, if he did not pay attention to my Request. When after 4 Days it was Returned, wrote upon  OPEN>> Refused to pay the Postage
By His Majesty's Royal Letters Patent
Patronage, Profit, Power
How sweetly do the breezes blow
This Instrument is now in full play and its Revolving Powers in the highest state of perfection—it was some time maturing but Gaffer Grey *BRACKETED* , the Patentee, by the application of a little Extra Power, has rendered it capable of turning and being turned with the greatest facility
chapeau-bras
Otium cum Dignit *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The top of his head is on fire, and the smoke rising from it forms the base of the upper and larger part of the design. Immediately above his head:  OPEN>> This royal Throne of Kings, this sceptred Isle This Earth of Majesty, this seat of Mars This fortress built by Nature for herself Against Infection and the hand of War This Nurse, this teeming Womb of royal Kings This England that was wont to conquer others Will make a shameful Conquest of itself Shakespeare
I protest against Peace with a Regicide Directory Went: Fitzw.
Naval \\ Victories \\ East India \\ Conquests \\ &ca &ca.
Basle
Wyckham
Passport
A new Opera \\ Il Trattato \\ di Pace \\ Overture \\ Rule Britan *BRACKETED* \\ Ca Ira \\ God save ye King *BRACKETED* The Marsellois Hymn.
To Arms to Arms my valiant Grenadiers.
Britain
*BRACKETED* reland
Belgium
Forced Loan
I will retain what I have got and treat with you on fair Terms for what you have got
Frontispiece to a Pamphlet which will never be *BRACKETED* published -  OPEN>> He shall never accuse me of being the Author of a Peace with Regicide
Busy Body
For Richmond
The Swiftsure T. Tugg Lambeth
By Virtue of my Authority. I am come to taste whether there is any Sedition in the punch Bowl!!!
Convention Bill
Riot Act
Bill of Rights
Oh let me thus . . . Eternally admiring, fix & gaze On those dear Eyes; for every glance they send Darts thro
In the centre stand a man and a woman whose faces and limbs resemble blocks of stone, left unfinished by a sculptor; the man *BRACKETED* is James, 6th Earl *BRACKETED* of Salisbury *BRACKETED* ; he clenches his fists, and stamps, his left leg raised, and saying,  OPEN>> Zounds Sr leave my Wife alone or I'll tell the Old Wig
To leave me thus!
The Figures N. 1 & 2 are Judged by Conoiseurs to have lately been animated with the Cælestial Fire - N° 3 is an unfinish'd resemblance of the Human Form, from the Vacancy of Countenance & roughness of the Workmanship this Figure cannot be supposed ever to have been intended as a companion to N° 1.
N° 4 from the Attitude &c. is supposed to represent some forlorn Dido or forsaken Ariadne of Quality &c. &c. &c
Country Gentlemen
Wesr Geese
India Charter
POWER
Ascending
Regency Bill
Apozem, Clerk, & Apothecary
Oh! dismal sight, so black, so glum, Our Party all in mourning, grief & tears, Ah! who can swallow down this Pill? This mournfull Exit of our Regent's Bill?
Ignatius Loyola
Ode upon his Majesty Recovery
Our cloud capt Towers, Our gorgeous Palaces, Our solemn Temples Yea our great Regency itself, Is dissolv'd! And like the baseless fabrick of a vision Not a wreck left behind!
The Body of the deceased supported by six Irish Bulls
*BRACKETED* Pullalaloo - Pullalalo - oh.
*BRACKETED* Unfledg'd Noviciates of Sf Giles's or, Charley's delight
When weve cried oer the Grave as long as we're able, We'll kiss, and we'll wipe Charley's tears all away - An Eight year old Tit Is Charley's bit He can kiss her all night after talking all day.
Chief Mourner - The Princess of W-----s
Bane of my hopes! O mock'ry of my fortune; They call me now, poor Shadow, painted Queen, The flattering Index of a direful Pageant, One heav'd on high, to be hurl'd down below; A dream of what I wish'd; a garish Flag Now made the aim of every dangrous shot; A sign of Dignity, a Breath, a Bubble; A Queen in Jest!!
Second Mourners
The Rival Jacobites
Why dost thou glout & hang thy Lip at me, Thou canst not say, I brought her to this end? Ah! me! I can no more! dye Charley, dye! For Sherry grudges thou should'st live so long
Ah! Charley hadst thou neer been seen This neer had hapt to me! I would that Pitt had seal'd my Eye E'er I hadjoind with thee!
We--t--e, Clerk of the Dish-clouts
M-----Is, The Hairdressing Pimp
Dear Charley ah! tell us how long dye think King George will remain on his Throne?
Vor by Got, ve do pine, & in sadness ve tink Dot its long till de Prince wear de Crown.
How hard O Sawney is thy lot, Who was so blithe of late, To see our hopes all gone to pot Our hopes that were so great -  OPEN>>  He is:  OPEN>> A remnant of 1745, or the would-be Chancellor
The Pismire Marquis
Lord Stilletto
Lord, Sir, you seem mighty uneasy, But I this misfortune can bear, I warrant I shall not run crazy Nor die in a fit of despair.
If so you suppose youre mistaken For, Sir, for to let you to know, If from me the King's favor is taken To the Prince I, of course, make my bow
Blue and Buff Train Bearer
O! the Devil, the Devil, O the Devil the D. Such a fine sight as this, My old Daddy will gladly see
My Dominion diminish'd my Blood spilt my Treasure exhausted my People burdend with Taxes my Colonies Revolted Deserted by my Allies my Flag insulted and now no longer Mistress of the Ocean and shall the abettors go Unpunished? forbid it Justice.
For supporting them in their Design's thus am I obliged to carry them through condign Punishment.
Petition of the People
Was I to give as many lashes as he has made blunders in the State I should not be done these three hours by G------d
D------n Patriotism for its stripes I dont like to bear
When you are tired F------x let me have a spell
This is all Pro bono Publicoo therefore its hoped our Labour will not be in vain
Thou shall not fly from the Wrath to come for it will be your turn Next.
D------the Minority for they are always taking me to task to drub me for Something or Other.
Merit Rewarded or Sr H------h *BRACKETED* at Greenwich a New Song the Burden  OPEN>> Tis my Maxim still I say, To favour him that Runs away.
Britannia Rules the Waves
At Minden my Exploits will will *BRACKETED* be handed down to Posterity as will my feats ever since
The Hum Gazett *BRACKETED* or Extraordinary bad News from America
My L------d you may take the Dutchmans Comfort  OPEN>> Tis well its no worse.
The Cock who can see and not feel for the Elf } British Who at home and abroad is fighting itself. Breed
Let Britons behold, and glory to See, The Min-----y flogg'd as they ought well to be For those evils Britannia is heard to relate, Is the cause of thair numerous blunders in State, For which those behind who stand biting their nails Will shortly be hoisted and get the nine Tails
Zoons a will suke en Dry
My Papa will leave none for us
Laird Laird
Cheltenham
Sung with unbounded Applause by John Johnstone, Esq. *BRACKETED* of the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane, amongst his Convivial Friends in Ireland
sly Barney M'Cleary
whole
Town and Country Magazine
Histories of the Tête-à-Tête annexed; or, Memoirs of the Libertine Macaroni and Mrs. R------n
Worked by his most Pious Majesty
Constitutional Offering
Ferdin *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . He wears a crown and slashed doublet and breeches; round his neck is a rope held by a fat friar who leers lasciviously at the Queen. On the King's shoulder stands a tiny demon-soldier who pricks him with his bayonet. Behind the Queen stands the Pope, holding a bunch of bags inscribed:  OPEN>> Tenpennies; Catholic Rent *BRACKETED* ; Communications from Prelates; O'Connel
"The Queen of Spain is in a state of Pregnancy; the King has been to the Statue at \\  OPEN>> Aranjuez, and made a vow, that if he is blessed with a son, he will offer up as a \\  OPEN>> Sacrifice all the Constitutionalists in his dominions.
Well child how do you do! I allways feel compassion for young married Females, it was my own case once you know! but come you don't look so knock'd up as I expected it's nothing when we are used to it.
Oh! dear Granny dont make me blush so! you talk so funny.
Oeconomy of Love Book 1st
Ah! ha I see you behind the skreen! I was just such a modest young man myself once, come shew your face and let me see how you look, after your labours!!
I am noting now but de little Greek in my Back.
He talk'd and kiss'd and lov'd
And made me shame the morning with my blushes
Liberty and Independance
Enemies to Austerity & Oppression
I'll never desert my Country nor my Constituents
*BRACKETED* tile
Plan of the Bastile
Motion to Suppress Bastiles and all rigorous treatment
I'll never desert the Poor nor Parliamentary reform
a Humane Good Pair
My Friend Govr Aris Gentlemen
Pray Governor let me have a bit of Straw to lie on
You shall have a good flogging you Scoundrel
New Constitut *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The altar, draped with a cloth on which crossed daggers are embroidered, is raised on a stone step. On it is a guillotine, dripping blood. To this is tied with a tricolour sash two tables, resembling those of the Ten Commandments, but of the  OPEN>> DROIT DE L'HOMME: I. Right to Worship whom we please. II. Right to create & bow down to any thing we chuse to set up. III. Right to use in vain any Name we like. IV. Right to work Nine Days in the Week, & do what we please on the Tenth: V. Right to honor both Father & Mother, when we find it necessary. VI. Right to Kill. VII. Right to commit Adultery. VIII. Right to Plunder. IX. Right to bear what Witness we please. X. Right to covet our Neighbour *BRACKETED* House & all that is his.
Exit Homo
Egalité
Robert- \\ speire
Buona \\ -parte
Droit de l'Homme
You can make a New Batch of the young Fitz's - The People will be proud to provide for them
Mind he'll play with that thing *BRACKETED* until he lets it fall
Medical Board
Look Ass Peeps
A Jacks-son
Sent home for Inspection
48 Regiment
A Goose Cured here
Porter
Medical Store *BRACKETED* Inspectors Hospital Walcheren
Surgeons Instruments
Vitriol
Powder of Rotten Post
Cobwebs
Oak Bark
Tincture of Arsenic Walcheren
Candle Snuff & Cobwebs, charms for the Cure of Agues
Gin
James's Powder
Opium
TK
Port
Claret
Burgundy
For the Hospital
For Home Consumption
York Hospital
Champaign Chest
Chelsea Hospita *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , and a turtle inscribed  OPEN>> T K
Dedicated without Permission, \\ To a pre-eminent Nocturnal Luminary; at present under partial obscuration—
... Nox atra, caput tristi circumvolat umbra. Virgil...  OPEN>> Night, with sable shadows, involves his head.
NOX SOMNI GENETRIX.
Dedicated without permission. To a most distinguished, finishing Lecturer;—close of an obnoxious Session. Below:  OPEN>> That business, / Grapples you to the heart, and love of us,
Never Subject longed to be a King, / As I do long, and wish, to have *BRACKETED* a Subject
. At the bottom of the sheet:  OPEN>> The Profits to be given to the Relatives of the late most innocent; inoffensive, well known, and well liked,  OPEN>> Daft Jamie
Christian Instructor
That is confounded strong stuff, it makes my een water. Brownie are ye sure it is genuine?
Anglicanus
what insipid trash this is, it's little batter than dubwater. Jack, I think I'll taste, your bottle next; I hate any thing weak
Gin
My conscience! Drink awa freends, and tak your choice 0
The Satirist and Pickpockets
Now my Lord I'll Tip you the Swamps
I wish I could run as fast as he how i would thump him.
These Monsoons are more Violent than ever I knew them before Boy turn back again.
Yes my Lord I am going backwards Pr force.
Rice for Gruel during the Monsoons
Seringapatam
Doucement moi il être un Milord. | Oui nous voyons que vous êtes un homme de poids
I wonder! you civilized folks could not agree upon matters without reference to me whom you have ridiculed as a Barbarian - but I suppose you think I must have more sense than yourselves because I come farther North!
I promise on the faith of a Frenchman *BRACKETED* to let you graze quietly in the Malta Paddock - and to love you with all my heart as much as I do the Liberty of the French Nation!
Well Nappy if you will leave off your Pranks and not think of skipping over to Egypt and if you will promise not to hop the twig to Hanover I will be reconciled.
The Old Oak Of The Constitution
Lords
King
Commons
Warning—Beneath this Precipice lies the fearful gulf of Revolution, persons are warned not to approach the brink
Wild Fire of Reform
The Beauties and Deformities of Fox, North, and Burke
O P
O P
Bow wow
O P
Box sofas Keeper 15000
sofas
oo
. . . Mr Bull here—oh do Here me if you Insist on It I'll give up my place Indeed I will
Now Mr Brandon I'll Kick you Out of your Place! for dareing To meddle with the O Ps and makeing Yourself so Buiey *BRACKETED* in Spoiling Our Dances
Agreement between J B! & J K! alias O P & N P
O P
Mr Bull behold at your feet A Penitant who humbly Implores your Forgiveness! and whose only Excuse is that if Impelled by Sentiments of Gratitude to the Best of Masters,! your Petitienor may have over Acted His Parte and that Gratitude Actuated by Benevolence. . . .
there there thats enough D—e I hate Ingratitude and Malice So Come along with me and if your Master dont Immediately take you again why D—me but I'll Pull his House Down I do Esteem a faithfull Servant
Gode a Morning Sare, did it rain tow Marrow?—"Yase it vas
Le jeu de Pharaon politique 1799
The Prince and his party were drove to the summit of a hill where they made a stand for nearly an hour & a half but where at length Obliged to retreat to the bottom setting fire to the furze & hedges the Smoke of which favourd their flight & left the several battalions masters of the field his Majesty followed the enemy on foot at the head of a troop of dragoons to the foot of the hill when he remounted & returned back to the Lines.
Volunteers
Let the factious seek their own base ends; let ministry s rise and fall! no such paltry ambition animates our breasts *BRACKETED* . We fight for liberty & our good King's Government. Behold here is a representation of the glorious Van Sphyck! and in such a cause who would not be a Sphyck? I feel convinced, from the officers down to the rank and file amongst the veterans there is not an old file or one of rank, but looking to the complexion of the Times, feels prepared to be blown up
Van Sphyck
Vive de König
Rejected and original design
Popular favor
A Cold North Wind
Hot South Wind
e
Grave of Oblivion
I will not be buried. I am alive! I will not be buried!
Ministerial Cordial
No, No! no more you shall
BURIED AT THE EXPENCE OF LORD H NLY
New Radical Version
Westminster
Slough of Despond
Paris
Lord Granvilles Feat
Walmer
Ah that's the man did not take me to ride the great horse even metaphorically !
A Scene on board the Combined Fleet
Sair je be you dam good friend
Se woo play mounseer
London Tavern
What shall we say, gentlemen, to this Hibernian method of keeping the peace by plunging into a war!!!
No war
Private Subsidy for the King of the Netherlands
Token of respect for his Dutch Majesty
The Address in Dutch
What a horrid Swarm of Conservators
The Times
Never fear! when you hear the report of our great gun you will find their numbers amazingly diminished
Give it them, Broom; hit that Bar-ing a knock that bars our way so
I can see nothing
Iron-y
Sat-ire
Liar-ic *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . A well-dressed man kneels at the feet of a bedizened old woman, making protestations of love which she receives with hideous coquetry. This may derive from No. 9450, by Gillray. *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> Bomb-astic
Treasury
Ministerial Favor
It's mine, Gentlemen
His vote! la sir, he's not at home but he's promised all the other gentlemen, and I dare say he will you, he's so good matured
Who made I a vreeholder? Doant I make vree to whold now? dang-ee
Dutch cheese
Ist We have Mynheer & Belga in their youthful days. Their quiet interrupted by the embrace of a Corsican fellow, who considers himself guardian & governor of every body. He kicks Mynheer over to England, seizes his property, and wont let Belga call her soul her own
2nd The tyrant having a quarrel with John Bull, gets beaten & made nothing of; when Mynheer returns with Orange Boven in his hat and money in his pocket, and falls to courting Belga in right earnest; offering her his Pipe, or any thing she is not in want of
Arch-Priest
Belga
Mynheer
3rd The Wedding. Austria gives her away: Meternich, the Arch-Priest of the Holy Alliance marries her;—clerk Castlereagh cries  OPEN>> Amen
Here is supposed to occur the space of Sixteen years from 1815 to 1831
Belga
4th This Act opens with a sad dereliction on the part of the lady, who, because her husband would not let her rule the roast rebels against his authority, kicks his servants who endeavour to prevent her & throws herself into the arms of a paramour
The injured husband breaks in upon their wicked revels, gives them the Strapedo, & chases them for several leagues
6th There appears no doubt that Mynheer would have driven away the seducer, & brought back his erring wife to a sense of duty; but at this juncture enters first one fighting uncle & then an other, who dispute his maritial *BRACKETED* rights. We know not the denouement of the piece, but look for poetical justice
Hats
Wigs
Poor Old England
The Remains of the Old Constitution
Sinecures
Pen *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Place
*BRACKETED* on
I must take care of my self & my own Relations
French Priests
War, Excessive Taxes, Foreign Loans, Subsidies *BRACKETED* , Guarantees, Treachery of Allies, Monopoly
Dearth of Pros, Civel Discord *BRACKETED* , The Unprincipal Opposition, Extrovigant Pr *BRACKETED* es, Professed Atheism amongs *BRACKETED* the Great, Immense Debt.
Lord Aye & No
Pro | mises
Professional Line
No court Candidate - Hearty Jack and true Whigs for ever
Spare not
Waste not
From the Original in the possession of Mr P------. Addressed to the Electors of the City of Westminster. Electors if you know what's good, You'll re-elect my kind Lord H------d, A Tory Staunch, of bottom sound, One that would run each Whig aground, And who to please the Court, did try To keep out Fox, by Scrutiny, And hop'd the conq'ring day to see, When worthy small beer W-----y *BRACKETED* and he To Commons might together trot; But, alas! so it happen'd not For true Foxites, not ov'r civil, With their real votes play'd the Devil And noble H------d, Oh sad disgrace! Was fore'd with Fox to take his place. But in the House, as soon as seated, With commutation you are treated An Act, with which he did agree, That barters light for wholesome Tea, And, but late on Flag promotion, Of old service he'd no notion, Men with experience worn out Should be pass'd over without doubt, And surely he was in the right, For some may be too old to fight; Then railing at that is monstrous rude, Calling his wisdom ingratitude. Nay, with Shop-tax and each supply He most cheerfully did comply, In short, I him have found so true, *BRACKETED* With Ayes and Noes did implicit come, With all the grace of Orator Mum; Except once he turn'd on his heel, And that for the Shop tax repeal, For which I rapt well each knuckle, Calling him solit'ry chuckle, And I, *BRACKETED* His Substance to Admiralty send, And as Aye or No are easy said, Beg you'd contented vote for the Shade
Jemmy Twitcher
National Debt 206,000 000 00 60 000£ for Razors, Jews Harps
Improvements in Bushy 1780
Protestant Association Lord G . . . Gordon President
Gordon Riots
Magna Chart *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  which is pasted on the wall behind him. Sandwich, with an expression of exultation, is tearing an ensign flag, implying that he is playing havoc with the Navy. Under his foot is a torn paper,  OPEN>> Petition . . . County of Huntingdon.
The State of the Nation
Poor Old England
The Family of ye Wrong Heads
Neglecting faithfid Worth for Fawning Slaves; Whose Councels weak & Wicked, easy rous'd To Paltry Scheems of Absolute Command, To seek their Splendour in their sure Disgrace, And in a broken ruin'd Peoples Wealth: When such o'ercast the State, no Bond of Love, No Heart, no Soul, no Unity, no Nerve, Combines the loose disjointed Publick, lost To Fame abroad, to Happiness at Home. Vide Thompson, Liberty Book y 4
Deel my saul but he'll be a brave soldier your honor, he's got a noble Truncheon
Thanks! thanks! my brave Serjeant, you shall be Knighted this day
Dublin University Pitcher
Downright robbery, by St Patrick! we'llbe soon famished if our broth is to be stole from us in this manner
Making Play
Cock tail for a hundd.
Broke down
a Kick-up
Done!.—
Ten to one.
Done—!!
Dot & go one.
Mr Dit Mrs Dit & all the little Dits.
Duenna  OPEN>> :  OPEN>> sure such a pair were never seen so justly form'd to meet by nature.
Toes up & Toes down—Setting— Reeling
Coming well into the field—
Topping a fence
In at the death—
A Drop too much
The Sink of Infamy
a Ketch *BRACKETED* but no Glee.
A Vip-ing Post
Oh! My Vig! I shall have a Vale in my belly.
Watch! Watch!!
Dick Dock sea sick—
Out of the Frying pan into the Fire
Going down to a Watering place by Steam
Going to Gravesend by the Sailg boat
A skuller
Backing Water
Rowing with a pair of Oars
Dont I Feather my Oars well?
Fishing with a Float
see! see! there's a fine cock salmon!!!
I'll have it.
Archers shooting at the Bulls eye
The Treasury of J. Bulls vital spirits
Assessed Taxes
Property Tax
Customs
Excise
Public Service
cit
You see Mr Bull, I am not a quibbling Petty fogger; I am a man of my word;—for you see I have thrown away the Great War Spiggot & have substituted a small peace one in its stead—which will cause an unknown saving to you.
Deficiences of the Civil List!!
King Tax
Assessed Taxes
Property Tax
Excise
Customs
Malt Tax
come my friends make haste & fill your Buckets, whilst Van is keeping noisy Johnny quiet with fine speeches & promises of Economy, which I am determined not to practise as long as I can get anything to expend; & while he is saving at the spiggot we will have it out of the Bung-hole.
For Cottages & Pavillions
60,000 for Fun
For Sinecures Places & Pensions
For Household Troops & Standing Army
Long Minuet
What an elegant Set—What a bustling of Rumps! What a Sweet Toe to Toe-ing of Slipers and Pumps! At the sight my Old Drumsticks are ready to Prance There is nothing I love so as seeing Folks Dance
Caricatures
Sectio Caes: et Sectio Synchondroseos
. . . L'accoucheur Français, homme experimenté, prévoit ses terribles convulsions, et s'est déja muni du forceps. Son collegue Hollandais, dont les craintes vont encore plus loin, repete la théorie de l'incision Caesarienne. Il faudrait effectivement un Caesar, pour couper court à tout proces.
Isaiah
Truth
King and Constitution
Lord Russell and Reform 60 Rotten Boroughs to be disfranchised Auldborough Appleby Beeralston Bletchingly Boroughbridge Callington Corfe Castle Gatton Old Sarum Tregony Buckingham Wareham &c. Give Members to Manchester Sheffield Halifax Huddersfield Birmingham Kidderminster Macclesfield Dudley Bradford Stockport Wakefield &c &c
Northumberland & Co £2 Millions to oppose the King
Blood
Orange Peel
Go it Bob
Conservative Gang
A Rat A Rat to be tarred & feathered
sold
Riot
War and Revolution
Bribery and Corruption
Pro Rege Lege Grege
Grey Brougham Russell Althorp Hume O'Connell Norfolk Burdett Hobhouse Hawkins Stanley Davis. And many more good fellows—Huzza—
We are for our King and People. The Bill the whole Bill and nothing but the Bill
God Save the King
Vox Populi | Dissolution of Parliament
My Lords and Gentle, men. I have been induced to resort to this measure for the purpose of ascertaining the sense of my people, in the way in which it can be most constitutionally and authentically expressed
Speed the Plough | The Country as it will be
Peace & Plenty
petits-maîtres
Lower your Topsails Monsieurs
We are bold Frenchmen
Run Frogs
When we beat them ten to one
New Arrange *BRACKETED* Seven Emperors Eight Governors 8000 Deputy G *BRACKETED* 10000 Collec *BRACKETED* of the Revenue
List of Directors
Resolved That the Influence of the Crown has increased is incre *BRACKETED* ough *BRACKETED* dim *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Papers flutter from the India House to the ground inscribed  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* st India Stock 115, India Bonds 54 to 55
£50,000
Abandon your claim to the Throne, Change your Name & the Livery & retire to some distant part of the earth were you may never be seen or heard of any more; & if 50,000£ pr Annm will not satisfy you, what will?
Nothing but a Crown!
Lawful Claims
A Swoard for the Guilty
A Shield for the Innocent—
I turn my back on such dirty work as this.
Well done Broom! you have done your business well.
The Wooden walls of Old England
Caroline
Prepar'd for any dirty job, and for all sorts of vice
I'll discover the Correspondence in Revenge
J
G
Upon my Honor I don't think he uses us well after giving me all this trouble for nothing!!
D. Manchester
Pamphlet
For the Wisdom of our Ancesters
Report
s blunderbuss. He stands; Horton, a younger man, bestrides a small prancing horse, his hobby, which is covered by a cloth inscribed  OPEN>> Emigration
For the March of Intellect
This is what I have long Desired: my wish is at Length accomplished The Nation & the King from hence forward, will be but one
Point de Deux Chambres
Point de République
I'll furnish tears to drown the King
And I the Dauphin and the Queen
Vive le Roi, Vive la Nation Vive liberté
You see Gentlemen I've got a head on my shoulders & wish to keep it there
Well I think you are right not to take it—shall I give it to O'Connell or Cobbet
Why. There was a Crown offered him: and being offered him, he put it by with the back of his hand, thus; vide Julis *BRACKETED* Caesar—
To Denmark
Pretty Work my Masters have made of it to be sure - but however the more the merrier! Here we go! - Me and my Neddy - Ech ho! - Ech-ho!
Jesuits Powder
True- Whig Gunpowder
Gunpowder a la Brissot
Cathartic Gun Powder
Pop-Gun Powder
*BRACKETED* etaphysical Gu *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Ellenborough scowls over Windham's shoulder. The tall Moira *BRACKETED* has a barrel of  OPEN>> Ordnance Powder
Broad-Bottom Gun Powder
Catholic Gunpowder
Dramatic Gunpowder
Patriotic Gun-Powder
Democratic Gun-Powder
come on! - we'll Reap the Harvest which those Rascals Sow'd.
Cobbett's Register
Refined Jacobin Gunpowder
*BRACKETED*  OPEN>> Real Stow Powder
Powder from the Wimbleton Mill
Revolutionary Powder
True Popish Gunpowder
New Opposition Gun Powder
Coalition Gunpowder
Catholic Gunpowder
The Pillar of the Constitution
Holy Bible
Kill'd! kill'd! kill'd! all over Charley! run home and take care of the money, or it will all go in the scramble.
Oh! my Husband; my dear children! my dear People that I always fed and cloath'd out of my own pocket! Oh, my Money! my Money!
By all that's unlucky our great Cock is knock'd off the perch.
III Miles to Windsor
The Settling day must come
Knighton
£10-000
But I have not had my share of the swag since we lost that Sovereign—and if any questions should be asked—blister me if I dont Snich
Reason, you rogue, reason: think'st thou I would endanger my soul gratis? Didst thou not share? hadst thou fifteen pence
You are bespoke!!
50 s
here is de best for 50s.
We wont have it at any price—we are determined to keep up our own to 80s—& if the Poor can't buy at that price, why they must starve, we love money too well to lower our rents again, tho the Income Tax is taken off:—
Aye—aye let 'em Starve & be D—d to 'em.
no, no, we wont have it at all.
By gar if they will not have it at all we must thro it over board.
No, No Masters, I'll not starve but quit My Native Country where the poor are crushed by those they labour to support, & retire to one more Hospitable, & where the Arts of the Rich do not interpose to defeat the providence of God.
80s
Pizarro
My brave Associates
and ... we serve a Monarch whom we love . . .
Ogden
Journal
"Wednesday 18th August, On this day we set out from Edinburgh, attended only by my Man Joseph Ritter, a Bohemian
My Wife did not seem quite easy when we left her, but away we went!
Now en't you a pretty fellow for a Pilot? to see Land and not know where we are!
Och my dear Jewel! only shew me the Old head of Kinsale, and I'll tell you where we are to an Inch!
Let us sit upon the ground and tell sad stories of the fate of kings
Oh dear! Oh dear!
God is great!—wonderful ashes have fallen on our heads!
Times office
From France
Life in Paris; comprising the Rambles Sprees, and Amours, of Dick Wildfire, of Corinthian Celebrity, And his Bang-up Companions, Squire Jenkins and Captain O'Shuffleton; with the Whimsical Adventures of the Halibut Family; . . .
Le Grand Spectacle
Vive La Bagatelle
La Police
the support of the whole fabric
L  OPEN>> Industrie
Le Jeu
Canaille
L'Amour
La Politesse
La Gloire
L'Honneur!
La Musique
La Chant
La Danse
Excise Book
£50,000
Matrimony
Run, Mither! - run! run! O how I long to lead the sweet bonny Creature in a string! run! Mither! run. run.
De'el hurst your weam, ye overgrown Fool, what are ye kicking at? - are we not ganging to lead ye to Graze on the banks o
Manchester Velvet
K. Charles Breed
Memoirs
Corr. of Lord G. Leveson Gower
Dutchess of Norfolk's Case
Law
Mind your business ye Vagabonds - no idling - I'll teach ye a new Trade now you have left your Old Calling - there is a good deal of rope wanted - there must be no neglect of Duty here
Poor Pilgrims blithe and Jolly,
Deliver our congratulation smoothly to his Holiness— I need not tell the *BRACKETED* how—"Thou art my Friend and knowest my tongue so well
By Heaven! she is a dainty one
VOL. II. / OF / CARICATURES • / MACARONIES • / & / CHARACTERS • BY / SUNDRY • LADIES • GENTLEMN / ARTISTS • &C / PUBD / BY • MDARLY • N° 39 • / STRAND • / 1772 • /
Oh Justice! Oh Humanity, Oh Deceitfull Villain, in vain you try to blot the Character of the English t'is their Magnanimity which harrasses your Dastard Soul.
eh! Diable! why you no Confess Noting.
This is Luxury, Jaffa *BRACKETED* , Acre *BRACKETED* , Toulon *BRACKETED* and D'Enghein *BRACKETED* was nothing to it. Slave those pincers are not half hot, save those nails for my Cabinet, and if she dies we can make a Confession for her
The Resurrectionist
bigger, by far, than Lord Arden's big pension
l'Angleterre
Animal Russe
Sacs de Guinées formant l'avoine de mes chevaux de Bataille, François, Alexandre et Gustave.
George, Assassin
Sidney Smith, incendiaire
Animal Autrichien
L'Angleterre
Animal Suedois
Par la perte de ses deux meilleurs chevaux de Bataille, François IIe et Alexandre Ier - l'Animal Autrichien. François 2 tient un peu du chien et I'animal Russe tient a la fois de l'ours et du cochon, les mamelles de l'Angleterre sont formées par 2 sacs remplis de Guinées qu'elle est toujours prête a offrir à tous les traitres, a tous les assassins et a tous les incendiaires
You'll find them exactly according to the rules of the Highland Association.
Dont tell me of rules, I say it is abominable it is worse than Figure Dancers, it is above half a yard too short according to the Opera Standard bring the large breeches directly, why the Figurantes would be ashamed of it.
Comme je les fais aller.
comme je suis elevée *BRACKETED* .
allons toujours.
Je suis Etourdi.
cela ne va pas trop vite.
qu'avais-je besoin de m'embarquer!
11 Miles
Pho o
Aye Aye this is making a good Use of ones old flannel Petticoats.
Ready for Action
Ladies Subscription
G. III
Ir of Germany
K Prussia
The Treasury
What a stinking breath he has got Sherry
France be mine! Holland be mine! Italy be mine! Spain & Poland be mine! Russ, Prussia Turky, de whole World vil be mine!!! Monsr Atlas hold up dont let it fall on me.
When the Friends of Freedom and Peace have stop'd your shakeing it on my shoulders *BRACKETED* got their own again, I'll bear it, till then you may carry it yourself Master Boney!
By Gar tis true tis fall on your Head! votre Serviteur! we no stop to be crush vid you
Votre Serviteur Monsr Boney.
French Generals retiring, on account of their Health . . .
"Most wretched wight, whom nothing might suffice  OPEN>> Whose greedy lust, did lack in greatest store  OPEN>> Whose need had end, but no end covetise Spencer
down Bond Street
Mrs Crostich's Boarding School for Young Ladies
It's all a farce! I tell you it's all a farce—there are no clouds, no mountains, no trees, no water—I've proved it, it's nothing, depend on it—nothing—bona fide nothing
Bishop Berkley
An Irish Character
But what character have you?
An't plase you, Mr Patrick O'Blarney has known me these eighteen years—he left Dublin just before I was born, and has known me ever since
March of Intellect
I want some bacca and tatees, my dear
Pic-Nic Provision
Talleyrand's plan for Invading Great Britain
O my dear Talley, what a glorious sight! - we've worked up Johnny Bull into a fine passion! - my good fortune never leaves me! - I shall now get rid of a hundred- Thousand French Cut Throats whom I was so afraid of! - O my dear Talley, this beats the Egyptian Poisoning hollow! - Bravo, Johnny! - pepper 'em, Johnny!
cit
Definitive Treaty
I've taken the liberty, Madam, of bringing down to the coast a few of my most esteem'd Friends to welcome your arrival. We'll stick up our houses with holly, We'll broach a tub of hummingbub And have no more of the rub-a-dub-dud Dear Madam, we'll all be jolly!
You are very obliging, Mr Bull, I have been detain'd a long time on the other side of the water, but you remember old adage, Better late than never.
Best Wheaten Flour
Make way, there, for Mr Gammon of Bacon
I hope you are well, Miss Butter
Pretty well I thank you, Mr Cheese, don't you think the weather melting hot?
Comfort to the Corns
The Westminster Election
"She smiles - Infused with a Fortitude from Heaven
places of profit
O'ho I am afraid I have interrupted you.
No, No, only a going, nothing criminal upon my honor, just going to Kiss Mary a little.
No brother the Gentleman was only going to behave genteely.
"And one false Slip entirely damns her Fame.
Four Coloured Plates. No. III
Free Press
Justice Truth
Licentiousness
Fraud
Hypocrisy
Ninon
"Here, Love his golden shafts employs; here lights  OPEN>> His constant lamp; and waves his purple wings;  OPEN>> Reigns here and revels.
Pro bono Publico | The Coalition Punch-house by Charles & Co.
Gentlemen I can supply you with accid having had 6 or 7 years constant practice in making of it for 3 kingdoms & 13 provinces
Gentlemen tho' I have enlarged my connections I can still serve you with good Liquor & give you Good Words as usual & if that wont please you may go & be Dm---d
Coalition Punch do you call it? Phow! tis nauseous as Salts or Jalap
Aye Friend they that drink it must take it down at a Gulph
Right sort Charley Damme!
You may say poisonous indeed for it has thrown the whole Nation in a fermentation & by the addition of that cursed C° he will loose all his good old Customers
When Charles was on his own bottom, he sold wholesome tipple, but now C° is added to his name we get a poisonous Compound
"Ne'er may his Whiskers loose their hue,  OPEN>>  Chang'd *BRACKETED* to blue!  OPEN>> But still -  OPEN>> New Grace adorn his figure;  OPEN>> More stiff his boots, more black his stock,  OPEN>> His hat assume a prouder cock,  OPEN>> Like Pistol's, *BRACKETED* Vide Anti Jacobin
Satirist
I will have my bond
O you cruel Papa!
Gold is the Patriots God He offers up his Mistress to it.
Know all men by these presents
Twenty Thousand Pounds
F B
Harlien *BRACKETED* Miscellany
Harleian Miscellany
a Map of Oxford
Secrets worth knowing
Adultery Patriotism
School *BRACKETED* Scandal
Look at Morality now.
see Mrs Clarkes Rival Princes
Heres your real Folkstone's ha'penny a pottle
a halfpenny a pottle full to the bottom fine scarlet Strawberries
Scarlet Strawberries real Folkstone Strawberries
Curse your Strawberries. I wish you would cease your infernal bawling, I hate Strawberries without Cream
I suppose we shall now have a New edition of Yorkshire Cakes *BRACKETED* , & Cumberland Comfits as well
This little Boney-says he'll come At merry Christmas time, But that I say is all a hum Or I no more will rhyme Some say in Wooden house he'll glide *BRACKETED* , Some say in air Balloon *BRACKETED* , E'en those who airy schemes deride. Agree his coming soon. Now honest people list to me, Though Income is but small, I'll bet my Wig, to one Pen-ney, He does not come at all
Regard for my own Character with those to whom I am unknown requires that I should simply deny, x x x x x x x x x
Charity
Auction And at Hamiltons Point—To be sold tomorrow night at 1 o'C a brown Time Peace in a gilt Fraim of the very first quality & Sundry other sour articles of the most finest sorts & some true Caricatures & some Greens & onions— possitive orders haveing come from lee *BRACKETED* England in a Parcel in a bit of a mistake.
Let me ride.
No! No! I am a great Man & does as I likes, I told them so in England! but my Time is up! it's time to be going positively going—going at last for this Brown Timepiece for Ne-mant-mare un 10 Pund.
Houses Forests and Estates Morrow Morning may be viewd in the Market Place—by the Broker B-nj-n—
Heer H-o-n Heer Fr-n-e how gaits—we must have no forestalling—everthing must be sold in Public.
Yes Heer B-n-j-n all Tings must be sold mit de Hammer—it is good for de Helligolanders,
Was is de matter, I tink de Peoples make much Plaisir—we must see to bind dem all to de Peace.
Teno Upboppom.
Huzza.
Jesus Christus
Och my dear Honey take care of yourself, Erin go Bragh
To A OConnor London We would advise you to go to Botany Bay where you will find many of our old friends and probably we shall have the pleasure of meeting you again Yours one & \\ Indivisible \\ Opposition
My Own Ideas - \\ My own Sentiments, - My own Wishes, - My own Words - My own Soul - The Man after my Own Heart for he entertains the same Political sentiments as every one of the Opposition
O Connor's Confession. \\ one of the Executive - \\ An United Irishman - \\ An agent to treat with Hoche \\ about his decent in Ireland. \\ A Rebel - A Traitor - \\ A Transport \\ An Outlaw!!!
The Dearest Friends must Part
Armée Hanovrienne
Couchée en Masse
Dépôt du Courage du Héros Anglais
Démission du Duc de Cambridge
Senators: or a candid examination into the Merits of the Principal Performers of St. Stephens Chapel. The Fourth Edition with Alterations and Additions
Magna Charta
Bill of Rights
See Peter Pindar's Poem of the Co—gh Honeymoon; or, R—l Love Lyrics, Price 1s. 6d.
I'm resolved to wear the Breeches / Although I burst ten Thousand stitches
Vare is she gone? / Got dam, she's got my Breeches on!!
What do I see?
Throughout my life, I've had my will,  OPEN>> And you shall find I'll have it still;  OPEN>> Yes, spite of Father, Grandmamma,  OPEN>> Whate'er I said was always law.  OPEN>> Then think you, Sir, I will be check'd,  OPEN>> By one whom I've with all things deck'd  OPEN>> Given a wife, house, food, and riches,  OPEN>> No; curse me, but  OPEN>> I'll wear the breeches
This dangerous person was captured with the whole of his Army—Arms Ammunition—Military chest Stores—&c The Prisoners 9 in number have been march'd to the treadmill— the City remains tranquil
No Police Come on gentlemen the Duke's afear'd on us
Last Dying Speech
In vain Before the Fair one Arms, With Breastworks high her panting charms, In vain Behind yon Mount is plac'd, Which Wits may say is Bum proof cas'd, If parts More Weak to guard she fails, Where artful Love by Mine assails. Tho
I say Robert ve are both driv-out I bean adoin a little business with this ere Don-key—wot are you agoin arter eh?
Vi has I've Cut my Lucky I means to go off to the Swan Stream
VOL• / IV • / OF• / MACARONIES• / CHARACTERS• / CARICATURES• / &C• / BY • M DARLY
Turn her out—down with her—am I not Commander?
The Rabble dare assert their rights against the power of self appointed Rulers indeed!! Avant—turn-out and cease your bold demand
I demand my Right,—her—M——y's Goodness is not to be abused
I'll bring them to book for this Sub Rosa
cit
Poor Rates
IP.
As for the watch it is an old family concern not good for much, but yet I would rather not part with it for the money gentlemen I assure you it is not my own.
Do villany, do, since you propose to do't—Like workmen; I'll example you with Thieving
Thieves for their robbery, have authority— Shakspeare
Excise
Sir R. Walpole's Legacy
Dear Doctor relieve me from the Fumes of discontent - set me on my Legs and make a Man of me
I can Cure my poor Patients vidout trouble or expence - but to make de Man of you by Cot I could as soon animate de Canvas
Magna Charta et libertas
Right Honble Wm Pitt Earl of Chatham
Incurable Curables
Miracles never cease!!!
Graham
Loutherbourg
Katterfelto
Medicine - Faith
Cures by a Touch. A Maiden of the Green Sickness - A Ditto of a nine months Dropsy - A Child without legs made to go - A Man without a Head made to comprehend - A Lawyer cured of a spotted fever - A Lady of a scarlet Fever - A Bishop of a Lethargy - An Alderman of craving - A Justice of Deafness - A Statesm *BRACKETED* of Blindness &c &c.
Bottle Conjuror
Loutherbourg Exd.
Question to the Professor - Why not cure the Poor Blind if such a Blessing can be bestowed without Expence or Trouble?
Well-a-day Aunt! what Monstrosities are these?
In the name of all that's Christian speak & say what you are, & where you come from, you Hottenpots *BRACKETED* —.
Madame j'ai l'honneur de vous presenter votre Neice, elle est tout-a-fait Françoise, parle notre langue à la perfection, Chante comme un Ange, danse comme Terpsichore elle même mange les Grenouilles.
Ma chere Tante Mon Oncle ma Seeur *BRACKETED* , ne connoissez vous pas votre petite Emilie?
Aye dont talk to me of Turpuschore & Green-Owls or any of your Hocus-pocus nonsense—Speak plain English you Mountebanks do—or I'll make you answer before my Husband one of his Majesty's Justices—I will.
Oh Diable! comme je tremble quand je regarde le visage menacant de ce grand Monsieur Bull, et quand j'entend *BRACKETED* la voix barbare de cette Grenadiere je suis pret à mourir—mais je me cacherai autant que je peux derrière Madame.
Milk, ho! Milk, ho! Milk, ho! Come, my Pretty Maids, tumble out, tumble out, tumble out, above and below, above and below.
I. of Jersey
For Debate, \\ Opinions \\ on \\ Baldness. \\ It is the sincere wish of the \\ proprietors of this Institution, \\ that Gentlemen and Ladies will be Uncover'd on this important Occasion
The Laws of England are at my commandment. Happy are they which have been my friends; & woe to my Lord Chanr.
Sir John, thy under lambkin now is King Harry the fifth's the man. I speak the truth When Pistol lies, do thus; and fig me, like The bragging Spaniard.
O joyful day! - I would not take a Knighthood for my fortune.
Shallow
Sir John, I hope you'll pay me back my Thousand Pounds.
From Bologna
Reform
Reform
Rotten boroughs
Reform
To *BRACKETED* relegs Dublin
Cock a doodle-doo
Your most obedient Chaste Madam
Oh! you brute.
Magna Charta
Attic Miscellany
This is a Drawbridge
France
D------n You what do you want
Standard of Liberty
No Bastille
Mr Centaur can assure the publick since his return from Paris *BRACKETED* that this here Bastile is the most exactest of any of the Bastiles existin.
Oh Lord I wish that Fox at the Devil
Budgett
Poor man he must want a drop of comfort *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . A woman standing full face, behind the tub, says,  OPEN>> Look at him, see what he has got by his Taxation
He deserves this Clout pin'd to his tail
Gin
to praise Lord North i thirst it *BRACKETED* no ten for he has *BRACKETED* to tax our Dear Gin
Curse the Fire is it out?
not quite Sir yet
You low bred rascal, why dont you burn refined Charcoal
Voud you pay for it then my Pinks
Warranted not to Explode
A few small inconveniences. There's nothing Perfect
Let not the Sun set in Anger, I will to York and there deposit the Ashes of my Dear Departed Love all the effusions of my fond hours are now no more I have paid 10,000 Marks & a Yearly endowment to atone for my Sins of Omission and do promise on my return to enter into Prussian Service
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Horns
I thought by embarking with so great a Commander I should have been brought safe into Port.
Westminster
Great Babe
Ah! Poor Justice, Oh fie------ *BRACKETED* Dud a cry, To treat him so scornfully, Ah! welladay, Shamefully, mournfully Wipe an Eye ------Fie
Interest, & Ambition
If his Highness Wags a Feather I'm down
Ich Dien
It deserves an Increase of Establishment to be thus Situated
Mine is not an Œconomical Situation
I wish I was Uppermost
I cannot fall much lower
Landed Interest, and yet I am neither Top nor Bottom
An Admonitory Nod to a Blind Horse
The Scum Uppermost. . .
Victuelled by Subscription of the Nobility
Sovereign Rights of the People
Howard
R T
Mirabeau
Talleyrand
Buonaparte
O Conner
Brother Sailors, rest assured it shall be my constant care to maintain and advance the British Navey, That I will purge the Army of all those superfluous, Idle, demoralizing and feather-bed Soldiers, with which it teems and also restore the Church to its pure, original and Scriptural, state, so beautifully exemplified in holy-writ
Keep in the rear ye Puppy, and not before a Veteran; Long live our Commander now we shall have reform in the British Navy; Huzza, no more Sprigs of aristocracy
The British Constitution for ever!; the Navy for ever!; No more bloody backs
Hampshire forest *BRACKETED* to a Spinning-jenny *BRACKETED* you do'nt have the Command of the Red-Coats long you'd better strike at once before you are kick'd out you know he owe's you a grudge
Poo, I shall come the Spaniel over him as I did the other, on purpose to keep in, there's not much fear of you'r going out, as he'll want a good Rat-Catcher
I say Chaplain you must begin to look after your share of the Cook's fat *BRACKETED* , for there will be a reform in the Ship spedily
I know he means to make great havoc among the Cloth—and to teach Bishop's humility
I sincerely promise, to use my best endeavours to support these principles, and those of Virtue and Morality
Free Trade
Absentee Tax
Petition
No New Police
Full Wages and Cheap Provision
Estimate of Repairs of the Hulk Constitution
British—£900.000000
No Feather-bed Soldiers
Reform in Parliment
No Rotten Boroughs
The Dandy of Sixty
Tatler
round, rosy with beef and wine
the  OPEN>> order
; the arms are the army and navy. The abdomen is the clergy  OPEN>> distended with dropsy
fox-hunting part of the  OPEN>> squire-archy
. The pockets are the moneyed interest, stuffed with notes and coins. The thighs are  OPEN>> the farming and mechanical  OPEN>> interests
the legs are bare, shivering, wasted away, and the feet are in the mud ... what a contradiction: what a shame! This is England,  OPEN>> the pride of the world!
order
Hereditary
Cus Rotu Westri
Coll of West York Mil *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The King, much alarmed, throws up his arms and one leg; his foot-stool is overturned. Pitt takes cover behind his chair, kneeling on one knee and looking round the back of the chair to say:  OPEN>> How did you dare, To trade and traffic with Macbeth In Riddles and affairs of death
To the Admirers and Supporters of Louis XVIII. the Hottentot Venus *BRACKETED* , and other strange productions, and to Lord Castlereagh, this View of the Fundamental Features of the Prince Regent's Bomb, is particularly Dedicated.
Rubicon - Flu -
Taxes
The Last Stake
the Junto
Rubicon
British Memorial
Rambler's Magazine
Patriotic Gaz
Blue & Buff Stink-pot
There they go, Doctor, a nice trim
Aye - they'll do it - if that blind Jade J - t - e *BRACKETED* dont overset them
Oratory
Neck or Nothing
Independence
By Jasus, it will be sublime & beautiful to pop down among the Congress
History of the American War
New flying Machine from Portland to Derry
constructed on the same principle as the American Air Balloon, but containing more inflammable air than any hitherto invented, designed by Monsieur Le Diable and executed under his direction by Messrs Charles and Co in order to try experiments during the parliamentary Recess
Hollands
Liberator
What Babes have you caught there? send them to Lyons, I will give them a BLANKET and read over with them my reflections when incarcerated in the Tower.
Two heretic vagabonds one from Armagh the other from Derry
Brother, Brother we are both in the wrong—
Accursed is he who listens to the wily Tongue of the Jesuit.
Stalls in Ormond Market to be Let—
I must to the North my horses and my Carriage wait—The Rent pays all
They are brave Gentlemen in the North, take heed Jack, 'tis damn'd awkward to be continually eating our words, Clare & Limerick to wit—
It works well Asmodeus
The School Master is abroad
Rambler's Magazine
Repantance
THE BILL—A B C
ADVICE TO CREATE PEERS
Return, Lord Grey, I prithee return to me Return, Lord Grey, & bring the people with thee. The Duke he has been blarnying here, An would be blarnying still; But, Ah! Lord Grey! He never shall have his will Too much Duke, I find wont do, Lord Grey. Too much Duke has turned my people away. My spouse shall dance and I will sing, Since Dukey is driven away, For I'm sure I've done the wisest thing I've done for many a day
One gentleman stands in the same relation to Burke, that the Murderers of Banquo did to Macbeth
This impression, we believe and trust, is ill-founded; but the fact of its existence, which cannot be disputed, should induce him to demand an inquiry . . .
Justice has received One Victim ... Others yet remain to be claimed ...
Mercury
A Spot on the Disc of the Satellite,—when it commenced to retrograde
Debts of Honor
Leakes Pills
Plenipotentiary Ballad
Fleet Market
Remember the Poor Debtors
Wenches
Money Lent
Get thee a Wife, and all will be well.
Much ado about Nothing.
The Trumpet shall be heard on high. Dryden's Ode on St Cecilia's day.
Now give the Hautboy's breath, Drydens Alexanders Feast.
Among the numerous attempts to improve Musical Instruments the new Art of playing the Oboe invented by the celebrated Professor Schmidt of Lousa, is mentioned as one of the mos *BRACKETED* Scientific. It consists merely in reversing the Tube when blowing, by which simple method the Tone is not only produced with greater force; but the effect is more naturel and much Sweeter.: vide Morning Chronicle June 10th 1813
Between two Stools the Breech comes to the Ground
Naples
Spain
Sicily
Ferdinand VIIth
Oh Napy. Napy. begar you have made me lose both de Crowns.
Your Crowns, you lubber?? You had better sheer off quickly or you'll lose your Head too.
*BRACKETED* ORM
"What a shocking bad Hat
The Ks . . . Conscience
Modern Belles. Dedicated to all the Beaux. By the Author of the Greeks, . . . *BRACKETED* Sixth Edition . . . London Printed for J. J. Stockdale, No. 41, Pall-Mall
Mr vous me payerez aujourd'hui 4s au lieu de 2s car votre figure est plus longue de moitié qu'à l'ordinaire!
Plan de Campagne
French Habits
Habits of New French Legislators, and other Public Functionaries. N° 1
Egalité
The Torch of Liberty
Buonaparte
Three Pence a Pot
Peace &\\ Plenty
Speeches for Sir Fra *BRACKETED* on ye Hustings
Hints
Speech from the Hustings
Speeches for the Crown & Anchor Dinner
Sir Fra *BRACKETED* Address to the Mob
Bills for all the Pissing Posts *BRACKETED* ;  OPEN>> Hints for the Democra *BRACKETED* Newspapers
Sir Francis's Patriotic Speech on the Defence of the Country
Important Fact - Pitt the Supporter of Justices
No Begging Candidate
No Squinting Representative
A Squeese for the Contractors.
A Cur-tis
no Govr Aris
Governor Aris *BRACKETED* in all his Glory
The Good-Old Cause
No Bastille
Morning Chronicle
No Ministerial Rats
Independence & Free Election
Triomphe de la Liberté
The Rats A la Lenterne *BRACKETED* an Old Song Revived by Capt Morris
Wanted a number of Recruits for the Coalition Dinner
State of the Poll
Mainwaring - King & Country
No Despard.
the Constitution
No Begging Candidate
The Old Wig Interest
-  OPEN>> A Long-Pull, a Strong-Pull, - and a Pull-All-together
The unfortunate Prince, Cheit Sing
The plundered Princesses, the Begums of Oude
Sublime and Beaut *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , to show that he is the author of  OPEN>> A Philosophical Enquiry. . .
Plunder restored 1 *BRACKETED* 83
The Trumpet shall soun'd in the East and man shall be called to Judgment.
plunderers
Plunderers doomed to Execution when the new Sun *BRACKETED* gains his Meridian
Struensee
You say right Sir
Brougham
Russell
Grey
Reform Bill
The Words by Mr. Lonsdale. - Sung with unbounded Applause by Mr. Taylor of the Theatre Royal, Covent Garden.
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
This is skinning a Candidate with a vengeance! for God's sake leave me my breeches.
Damn me I'll have breeches, shirt, and all! you shall go away as bare as a lark! It's only plundering a plunderer! This is an Asiatic entertainment your honour!
Agent's Bill
I never employed any of ye; I know nothing about your Bills
Annuitys
O, Captain he is come to Town, doodle doodle Dandy Ho / How you do Sir: hope see you well Sir?!!
'tis a good thing I've lost my Nose.
-? Sabini.
Esquimaux Wood for B M
I say Snowball, mind you don't tread on my heels *BRACKETED* .
No! No, Massa Billy! & mind you no tread on my toes!
Worms found in the Intestines of a Seal by a Volunteer—for Brit. Mu.
Moluscæ for the British Museum
Granite for BM
who the hell's to carry the big stone—?!!
Jack Frost
Lance made of Horn of ye Sea Unicorn, used in common, as a walking stick
If they kill the Dogs & stuff 'em! what will they do with Jack Frost.
Cut his throat & stuff him also, I supposes.
Isabella
cit
I think as how we have Bears *BRACKETED* , Gulls, Savages, Chump wood. Stones & Puppies enough without going to the North Pole for them.
Huzza! they have got Eursa Major as I live! Huzza!!
I see it! I see it! the North Pole by Jupiter!! I'll cling to it like a leech Huzza! huzza!! Huzza.
I see Jack Frost!! Huzza! with the N Pole in his hand!! Huzza
So this is the Balance of Power - We have been makeing such a fuss about - a pretty piece of Business we have made of it, Curse that Sword of his, t'is that has made us kick the Beam
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Man of the World
a Peer and a Sharper; - a Duchess, and a Pin Maker's Wife - a Boarding School Miss, and her Grandmother - a Fat Parson - a Lean General - and a Yellow Admiral, quarrelling about an odd trick at a game at Whist
New Lamps for Old!
Take my advice and keep your old Lamp such as it is—Any trifling, little repairs it may require, I shall be most happy to do for you, not that I have any wish to get the job:—I would not upon my honor, have such a thing suspected for all the world!
D------me he's got the French Disorder.
Plunderers Assassins Republicans Villians Cut Throats Levellers Regicides Lovers of Disorder Exporters of Treason & Rebellion These are Articles they Deal in.
France
Spain
Holland
Empty
Ditto
We 3 Logerheads be
Formidable
Vile *BRACKETED* de Paris
Chance
E.O.
Push away! that's your sort!
Straight Sailing! that's your sort!
I'm the Sort for Leading; that of the Prince is Fox.
Ich dien
No Jealous Fitz - that's your sort!
Well done Charley! That's your sort!
I'm the sort for a Widow - she's done over!
Styx
Hazard
ABC....
Oat -  OPEN>>  shaking from it two dice inscribed  OPEN>> la
nds
Tennis Balls
I'm the sort! for running out!
Lottery Hack
Illegal Insurance
That's your sort - I'm in for it - I shall do the deep Ones!
Go it! Dam'me! that  OPEN>> s your sort!
Dam Trade! Life and a Racer! that  OPEN>> s your sort.
We're the wrong side of Temple Bar, my dear, we are only the sort to be laughed at
Peace good Mr Jerry Candle-wick, its life! and Life and the Breeches! thats the sort.
Rotten Row
Hoyle
Crim. con.
Faro
Unplucked Pidgeons! that's the sort.
50 per Cent! dats de sort! if dey ride to de Devil, dey leave coot Security behind, Ah! Security! dot's de sort.
Mr N------r Il n'y sonts *BRACKETED* plus.
J'en ai cependant laisses
Vuide
Je lestiens
requete au roi
J'ai le reste
Faux fuyans
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Reform
Liberty
Rebe *BRACKETED* on
Li *BRACKETED* or Deat *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* . The text continues:  OPEN>> That the CATO STREET MEN bore in front of their hordes
Shakespeare
OPTICI *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  sketched on the left Men, women, and children look through kaleidoscopes; a Jew *BRACKETED* with a basket of the new invention offers them for sale:  OPEN>> Perhapshe de Lady vould like von little bits biggersh.
And are you sure my Lad your what d'ye call it is worth a Halfpenny to look at.
This is a pretty invention for our business.
The Genuine Will of Timothy Whimsey Esqr of Whimsey Hall—I give and bequeath to my young Wife the bulk of my Fortune for the trouble she has had with me, and to my secretary Tom Cunningham I bequeath the said Wife . . . as by amourous glances, I have at different times noticed, I think there will be no objection on either side—To my old Friend Briskett the Butcher, I leave him a small portion of common honesty and advise him to cut his steaks thicker in future—To Timothy my Butler, I leave sixty pounds per Annum for his extreme Sobriety!!!—to Doctor Bolus I leave all the pill boxes—phials—potions—lotions &c &c &c accumulated at different periods, and deposited in my corner cupboard—and lastly I leave my Nephew Tim Dash—a small portion of advice viz—not to act and dress so like a puppy in future!!!
Very sensible in respect to the Butler
What a Quiz I'11 report him at Brooks's
the Vermin he's tam'd for his sport, To feed on the spoils of the English Court
Lady Leadenhall
India Comy
Declaratory Bill
Is this the Return for having fostered you into Power!
Controul
7th System
Lord Controul
Candor
Lady Leadenhall
Increasing Patronage
57
Scots Pills
Four Regiments Job
Charte\\ red Rights
Preliminaries . . .
Preliminaries
Preliminaries
Corruption
Idol of the Lords
Impeach
To the Virtuous Majority of the Commons who Voted for the Amendment to the Address on the memorable 18th of Feby 1783
Mr . . . Silversmith
Morning Herald
Vide. The Strand, Fleet Street, Cheapside &c. Morning & Evening
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
cit's
cits
My Cheshire Cheese & my Glass form now my only Consolation.
London Chronicle
The Whole Duty of Man
Unceremoniously addressed to Irish Reformers. Query. Which is the Member for all Ireland and which he of the English Rotten Boro
"I ask who dares to say that the working classes of Ireland are naturally idle? Do you not search the Empire? Do you not traverse a boisterous Sea for a few weeks work? Are you not to be found in every Market, the most anxious competitor for labor? And do you not willingly accept that, which the squeamishness of others induces them to refuse? Do we not see you at the bottom of our Mines,—in the depth of our sewers; Do we not see you bear your burdens to the top of our highest buildings,—do you not bear the fiercest fire of our forges,—and are you not in our harvest fields, at present laboring and toiling with all your strength, and living at the same time with rigourous sparing of ascetics? And you are the Men which I hear with indignation charged with Idleness, while you wear out your frames in order to carry home your scanty wages, in your miserable & tattered garments, I would have a law to protect such a people from perishing from want in their native land
If you trespass on our grounds; you must dance to our tunes.—
O my back!
Good Lack!
What a Stench!
Curse the French!
I'm quite gone!
Damn the Don!
We're all aground!
How I'm bound!
I'm quite sick!
It's a Spanish Trick!
I'ts *BRACKETED* all in vain!
What a Strain!
Fine Fun!
I've just done!
In a certain Great House that there is in this Land, When a motion is made on your Feet you must stand, But in this little House it is quite the revarse, When a motion is made you must sit on your ...
A Physician once took a Pupil with him to visit a Patient, when having felt his Pulse, he told him he might expect to be much worse, for he had been eating Oysters; his Pupil was astonish'd at his discernment and . . . *BRACKETED* enquir'd . . . how he knew . . .;  OPEN>> because
I saw the Shells under the Bed.
Sir, Sir, this man will certainly kill himself, for he has eat a Horse
Impossible
he has indeed Sir . . . for I saw the Bridle and Saddle under the Bed.
Holyhead
Dublin
I'll take you to the Holy land, Honey! —I'll take you to the Island of Saints! I'll defend you from Rag Boys, White Boys, and Tight Boys. I'll defend you from all evil, unless a gentle stroke from an Irish Shillelee
My Dear Fellow, Mr Sim is your Tea agreeable?
Charming my Dear Lollena do you buy it?
Toby Philpot
St Stephens Chapel
Newgate
"What prevents ye people from walking down to ye House & pulling out ye Members by ye ears, locking up their doors, & flinging ye key into ye Thames? Is it any majesty which lodges in the members of that assembly? Do we love them? not at all: we have an instinctive horror & disgust at ye very abstract idea of a boroughmonger. Do we respect them ? Not in ye least. Do we regard them as endowed with any superior qualities? On ye contrary, individually, there is scarcely a poorer creature than your mere Member of Parliament; though, in his corporate capacity, ye earth furnishes not so absolute a bully. Their true practical protectors, then—the real efficient anti-reformers—are to be found at ye Horse Guards & ye Knightsbridge barracks. As long as the Hous of Commons Majorities are backed by the regimental muster-roll, so long may those who have got the tax-power keep it, & hang those who resist.
Trifling Mistake
Little Hob in the well
Life in Paris
Convened for wearing Gaiters - sad offence! Expelled - nor e'en permitted a defence
the Spanish Mule
cit's
Tis geting nothing - nay - tisgeting worse than nothing.
Lowliness is Young Ambitions Ladder, Whereto the climber upward turns his Face But when he once attains the upmost round He then unto the Ladder turns his back, Looks unto the clouds - scornin *BRACKETED* the base degrees By which he did assend. Shak. Jul. Caesar
Walk up, Walk up Kill or Cure
Ladies and Gentlemen depend upon it here is no deception, Observe the patients ranged behind me, on my right is a prussian Gentleman who was much afflicted with a complication of Disorders, till I cured him by administering a few leaden Boluses. - next to him is an Austrian patient entirely reliev'd by my Austerlitz draught *BRACKETED* next to him is a Spaniard whose case is rather doubtfull - I wont say much about it, - the nex is a Dutchman, he was a little crack'd, but I have made him as lame as a Frog, beyond him is an Old Gentleman of the Popish persuasion - whom I cured by one bottle of my Italian drops *BRACKETED* - ther are many more in the background whom I have cured of various disorders, or have now in my care - but Ladies and Gentlemen let me particularly draw your attention to the great Russian Bear, once a very fierce Animal, but dumb like the rest of his species, but after taking a dose of my Friedland Pills, and an application of the Tilsit Powder *BRACKETED* , he is able to converse like a rational being!!!
Doctor Boney
Nap, Bruin and C°
Ladies and Gentlemen I am proud to say as well as my Muzzle will permit me, that I have a large share in the concern
Ah Master Bull what are you amongst the crowd - come now you and your Sweedish Friend had better step up into the Booth, and take a dose or two of my Master's Pills
We'll see you and your Master d - d first
NB one Pill is a dose
Naples
Egypt
Alps
Lodi
Switz
Italy
Friedland
Pyre *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Austerlitz
Composing draughts
Give Justice her claims
Office of Justice
This is my House this is my Castle
Turn him out
Ill thrach the Dog I'll box him what Dare to act contrary to the Opinions of his Spiritual Dictator, no not even in his Temporals, Turn him out.
Church Millitant
Unqualified Submission to our Spiritual Guides
All Obedience
The Brewrs *BRACKETED* Test. Pure Malt and Hops no Adulteration in any Stage  OPEN>> come on down & swear
Oppium
French Berries
Arsnick
This comes of Adulteration
Ill never sell any more Druggs to the Brewer again I warrant
God Bless your honor now we shall have pure malt and Hops.
Fine them over again the Dogs work them again - Boil them over again give them a Cooler
Huzza no poison no French Berrys - no Foreign Mixture
Sung with unbounded Applause, by Mr Incledon, in his Popular Summer Entertainment  OPEN>> the Wandering Melodist
The Bleeding Hearts
Sally Sly
Common Stage
Reform
Laws . . .;
*BRACKETED* tion *BRACKETED* Ballot
Trial by Jury
Equal Representation
Universal Suffrage
Rambler's Magazine
My Notches against any Man in France for 1000
Begar me vill knock down his Stumps
Me vill catch him out at first Stroke
He plays well at de Cricket, he be one very good Ambassadeur
He be very clever at getting de Notches
He no speak in de Senate but he be one bon Cricketer
If you play'd for 13 Provinces you'd lose
gui, £1100
£20,000
English Guineas
He Danc'd like a Monkey, his Pockets well cram'd; Caper'd off with a Grin,  OPEN>> kiss my A*** & be D------d
"Black Spirits and White, | Yellow Spirits and Grey | Mingle, Mingle, Mingle | You that mingle may, Shakspeare
Durham Coal
Heart of Oak
Qui mal y pense
Freemen's Votes & Grants by Charter, First-born Rights in ev'ry quarter; Law & Justice Church and King These the Glorious spoils I bring
Forty years of toil and trouble, Like a hell-broth now shall bubble, When the pot begins to boil, Sons & Daughters, seize the spoil. Double, double toil & trouble; Fire burn, and Cauldron, bubble
Saving Banks, the Funds & Rent Insurances and Money Lent. Orphans Claims & Widdows pittance, Throw them in, to make a quittance
Round about the cauldron go, In the Constitution throw
Repentance
Filthy Hags! Infected be the air wherein they ride And damn'd all those that trust them
Not quite pleased with his Subject; although a capital one, sui generis
Domestic Cookery
Weekly Market List
Salt Pork
The Nursery:—or Subjects in Training for next Lecturing Session, at Philadelphia. /  OPEN>> Some men there are love much *BRACKETED* a gaping Pig
Tis safest taking subjects from the swinish multitude.—Bacon
I said I would take it all on my own back Hic-up but its Dam'd heavy
comt Room
Take care by Geoge *BRACKETED* we shall be down
Oh by gar I do like de Show for Noting Oh I shall tumble
You see we can raise ourselves tho we Can't raise the Wind-
Aye, Aye, they will all come down together bye & bye
The Wit's Magazine
The Wit's Magazine
Eloquence
North
Faro Bank
Budget
Soap
Small Beer
To Tower Hill
To the Treasury
Janus
A Supposed Case, founded on facts
"If a party, wilfully & intentionally does an act likely in its results to produce death, & death actually ensues, the act so done by him is done with what the Law calls  OPEN>> malice afore thought
Perjury
Bill of Rights
Magna Charta
Independance
I will Stand up for the Rights of the People Or Perish in the Attempt
Coruption
I Perceive what hes Doing
I begin to Croke
Bless me He makes my Hair stand on End like the Quills upon the fretfull Porcupine
Act of Habeas Corpus
Compact between the King and the People
Petition of Right
F. 11
Brussells Gazette
THE BULSE
Crimes
The Bulse with brilliance fine, Perception doth outshine.
ATTRACTION
above
MATURE PLAYTHINGS
Thistle
Patrick
Garter
Bath
back-stairs
Honi. soil. qui. mal. y. pense
Dignities unearn'd but defame, Merit alone preserves the name.
DR. BROOKES'S ELBOW GREASE
THE HUMBUG
Decoction of Catswiskers
Fit for every body to take but two. The crafty Doctor and his Dog ne'er do take, The Nostrum invented for the People's sake.
ROYAL CIRCUS
PRIVATE THEATRICALS
OPERA FAN
STATE PAPERS
TREASURY SAVEALL
KNIGHTWOOD
When Titles addressers do invite To their understanding it's good night.
NEUTER GENDER
ANODYNE NECKLACE
DEFINITIVE ARTICLES
When jealous doubts between two crowns obtain, These well known Articles with force explain.
Scourge
cit
Arbuthnot on Diet
HEADING {Allum / Copperas
Three Pence Pr Pot 1761
Threepence halfpen / ny 1762; Fivepenc / e 1801; Five-pence halfpenny 1812; sixpe / nce 1813
Spanish Liquorice, Liquorice Root, Capsicum, Essentia Berria {Sugar boiled to / a bitter Syrup, Malt, Linseed, Treacle, Hops, Salt of Tartar, Cinnamon, Color {Mosist Sugar boiled to / a middling Consistence, Ginger, Coculus Indicus,}- intoxicating, Slack'd Lime
Mercy on me what a compound. Bitter, Hot, Sweet, Salt, and stupifying am I paying Sixpence a quart for! well! as this silver Hoop giving way has let me into the secret I hope it will benefit both purse and Constitution! by adopting a simpler beverage.
WATER Health & Economy
It is hereby enacted that no beer or ale be sold for more than one penny pr Quart James I Rex 1603.
ALE—Exilerating
SMALL BEER— Refrshing
A man in a shirt in a great rage; *BRACKETED* , an American, who carries away his money and clothes laughing; *BRACKETED* , a Russian threatening to strike him; *BRACKETED* and *BRACKETED* hold each an arm; *BRACKETED* , a Dutchman who puts chains on him; *BRACKETED* , some dismantled privateers; *BRACKETED* , a fleet of merchant ships sailing undisturbed; *BRACKETED* , a man who sees this, stamping his feet; *BRACKETED* , some torn-up treaties
and the Part of Capt Macheath by Miss .
To be seen a most surprising Hermaphrodite
Mr Fox Sir
You have Pol'd no more than Seven Times so help you------
no Man Can have Seven Votes
I am for Liberty of Conscience
I must put my Nose Between that they may not see each Other
I have Kiss'd & Canvas'd for him & after all must see him Rejected
House
So have I too Maam but all wont do
Hood & Wray for ever Huzza
Saint James's
Saint Martins
Licenc'd to Lead
Loans
Licenc'd to Bite
Grey Hound
Licenc'd to Bark
Among the Faithless, Faithful Only found
Cheese Parings - Cabbage
Candle Ends
Barracks
Grindings
Squeezings
Savings
Pension
Agency
Raspings
Loan
Commission
Brokerage
Shreds
Poundage
Scrapings
Garlick Hill
Goose
Shark
Courage my dearest Princess, trust in God & all will be well. She asks:  OPEN>> Is there any danger?
Pension
Pension £4,000
1000
Places
1000
5000
10,000
Opposition
the big drum
United Kingdoms
There take that and that and that, and be carefull not to provoke my Anger more.
oh forgive me this time and I never will do so again, oh dear! oh dear! you'll entirely spoil the Honors of the Sitting.
Qui uti scit ei bona
Hanover
Pr Ann.
£1000000
War
Taxes
Patent
War
Taxes
Cot dam! this fellow will burn my whiskers!
Another thump in the bread basket will do your business, Whiskerando!
Bravo! my Son, make him feel the dominion of the Seas is thine and shall be so for ever.
France
Holland
Portugal
Spain
A small spark will kindle a Flame— That Oceans cannot quench
Ah! Ah! - Nae one sees - me now
Parliamentary Recess
Be azy - Brother pat - I see him as plain as ever I have plenty of ammunition left but I shant fire just at present
Libertas
Rights of Man and Liberty
Trade and Commerce
Fine Arts
Agriculture
Law
Peace
cello on his back. In the middle distance *BRACKETED* is a grotesque statue of a fat woman *BRACKETED* on a cylindrical pedestal, inscribed  OPEN>> Murder
Treachery
Rebellion
Cowardice
Sedition
Levellers
This statue was erectedin the first year of our glorious Confusion A.D. 1792.
The Massacre at Paris
Religion, Law, & Equity, A Farce
Liberty is torn from her Temple, by a hired band of Ruffians, bound, & going to be Sacrificed to the rage of these Ignorant People; in the Centre a Poissarde or Fish Woman is burning a Spinning Wheel, the Emblem of Industry; an old Officer breaking the Staff of Liberty; with a Boy & French Porter, who are bringing Volumes of the Fine Arts, Agriculture, &c &c to add fuel to the flames. On the opposite side are a group of figures representing Music, Poetry, Painting, Weavers, Smiths, Carpenters, Husband- men, &c. driven out of the Kingdom as useless Members of Society; near the. Temple is erected a Statue, raised on the Foundation of Murder, Cruelty, Cowardice, Treachery & Sedition, agreable to the French Idea of Freedom, this figure represents an intoxicated Female with a Blunderbuss in her right hand, & a dagger in her left, a bandage over her Eyes, as blind to Reason, leaning against a Pillar, that's broke by her weight, & at the Base is a party of Democrats dancing a Cotilion. The Church, once a place of Devotion, is now turn'd into a Theatre, in which that Bloody Massacre on the 10th of August, 1792, at Paris, is going to be represented. In the back Ground of this Picture, the Houses of Industrious Tradesmen are falling to ruin, their unhappy Tenants being driven from their Homes for want of Employment: some of the Banditti are destroying a Loom, & a Strong Herculean Fellow cruelly beating a poor Weaver, shews, when the Law of a Country is at an end, the strong gets the better of the weak, & Oppression takes place of Justice: on the ground, an Industrious Artist who supported his aged Parents, is expiring through Want; over the Temple the Author of the Rights of Man is supported on bubbles that are blown up by two Devils; this represents his work to be Froth & Airy Vapour: tending to delude & mislead a Nation who it is hoped, are by this time so well convinced of the Blessing they enjoy, as to have no wish to change it for any other. The different Trades leaving the Kingdom close the Scene.
To Mrs Nicol, this Proof Print is Presented by her obliged & very obedt Servant J N.
intoxicated with success
Massacre on the 10th Aug 1792
*BRACKETED* . . . Robertspierre, Marat & Petion are the Merry Andrews of the Entertainment. Punch broiling a Priest on a Grid Iron, on the Shew Cloth, is emblematic of the present sentiments of Devotion.
O thou Poor Country - weak & overpow'rd By thine own Sons - eat to the Bone - Devour'd By Vipers, which, in thine own Entrails Bred Prey on thy Life, & with thy Blood are fed; Churchill.
Brest
Zounds, these damn'd hail stones hinder one from doing ones duty! - I cannot see out of my Eyes for them! - Ah! it was just such another cursed peppering as this, that I fell inn with, on the coast of America in the last War; - what a deuce of a thing it is, that whenever I'm just going to play the Devil, I am hinder'd by these confounded French storms, or eke, loose my way in a Fog
D-l-s
Art--icles
Sherry
Spirit. What art thou doing degenerate Boy ? Billy. Take any shape but that, and my firm nerves shall never tremble
Tax on Women Servants
on Windows
Tax on Retail Shops
The Budget
Tax on Gloves
Manchester Petition
Birmingham Petition
Irish Propositions
An Account of ye Rents of Houses with more effectual means of oppressing the people
Money for those who vote as I please
Town Talk; or, Living Manners
To Mr Wharton
Kings Kitchen
Don't let us poke into the Kings Kitchen make short work of it, no waiste of the public money.
Necessary Woman £200 Pr an
Necessary Woman £200 a year. Aye, that is a very Necessary expence.
Statute
Reform
Kings Kitch . . .
50 000 Lord St . . .
Morning Post
296.000£
Treasury
91,000 Lord Steward
Lod Stewards Off *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ;  OPEN>> Lord Chambelains Office
40,000
Civil List £800,000
Keninston Pall . . .
Windsor Castle
OPEN>> He's fat, and scant of breath.
Which is Best
a hit, a very palpable hit
A touch, I do confess
The British Constitution
Libertas
To The Wells
A F------t ------An Ass------ A Fool------A Monkey------A Nothing
Boozy and sick—with aching head, Toss'd sleepless, on my swan down bed; Sunk tow'rds morning in a dose, When dreams of frightfull import rose.
Memoirs of modern Lais-Ban
At twelve awoke—rang for La Gloire Skimm'd a licentious French memoir— Dress'd for two hours before the glass, With Schwartz—Antoine—Francois—La Place,
Finish'd by three—took chasse caffe— Qualmish and splenetic all day— Inspected twentyseven packets Of patterns for embroidring jackets;—
Held with my Friends a consultation How to shun public observation,— By the back gate slip'd out—was known— Saluted with a general groan—
From hissing mobs compell'd to drive, Return'd full gallop—home by five— Swore in reveng *BRACKETED* to spend my life In daily insults to my wife—
Worn with ennui—devour'd with spleen, Yawn'd—trifled—cursed and drank between Wrote to the square—got dressed once more, New stay—new wig—new whiskers wore—
At eight my dinner table graced With friends select—of kindred taste I quaff'd till half were on the floor, Then reel'd to bed—quite drunk—at four—
Gruff
Malagrida
L'Art de la Rhétorique
cit
I wonder the Idea never struck me before, - the place would easily be taken, and has undoubtedly great capabilities - besides they would make me Emperor, and then the sound of the Title, Emperor of the Full Moon - oh delight-full - I'll send for Garner and his Balloon's, and set about the scheme immediately.
What going to revolutionize the Moon Bonny- that's a good one however, to be sure you talk'd of paying a visit to my little Island and one would certainly be as easily accomplished as the other
No Bidders for this old head—reccollect gentlemen it is of the real Boroughbridge make, and call'd by way of distinction the Achilles of Antireform, though the article is a little unsound its defects nevertheless dont lessen the value of its peculiar workmanship—suppose we say a Farthing—gentlemen— going— going—Farthing—no advance—surely gentlemen you will not allow me to construe your silence into a contempt for the article
Cabinet Curiosities Dammaged
Goulburn
Mogul
Tame Elephant
Bags
Ex Officio
Lot
Lot 12
Lot
Lot 7
Gatton
Old Sarum
Ilchester
Eye
Hedon
Petersfield
Orford
Romsey
Seaford
Winchelsea
Callington
Yarmouth
Bramber
Newton
Saltash
Heybon
Ratcatcher
Pray have mercy on my poor John, my poor dear bed Fellow—
You Filthy Hussey your sex protects you from the same punishment, but if your sence of shame for the sake of your numerous family does not sufficiently affect you, I hope the Public excreation *BRACKETED* will follow you for Ever.
after Sweet meat comes Sour Sauce *BRACKETED* .
Bend my black brows that keep the Peers in awe.
Real Hollands Geneva
The Fly that sips Treacle is lost in the sweet
Dutch Herrings
Crimp Cod
Success to his Serene Highness
Dutch Cheese
Tobacco Pouch
Dutch Drops
cit
Brown Stout
Wirtemberg Drops
willing to do any thing LAWFUL!!!
Liverpool Trade
Corresponding Society
Lost his last place by MISTAKE can give a written character—will do ANYTHING
Home Department
The Magpie is crafty and familiar, and may be taught to pronounce words, and will imitate any particular noise which it hears. It is addicted, like other birds of its kind to stealing—It is thought a sign of ill luck
Round Coals
War in Germany & France
The Londonderry Labourer / New employment for the Tenth
East Retford
Bassetlaw
Ministerial Influence
Birmingham
No Corruption
Just balances, just weights, shall ye have
Any shoe-black in want of such articles will find them a geat *BRACKETED* acquisition—they are really as cheap as dirt
Nobody
Ah! but my cousin Evrybody says he can't see through your Glasses
there is not a rail-road, or canal, upon which the traffic has not increased of late years
Bless me what a long Nap I have had I must rouse my self up—or the Westminster Rabble will be looking out for some other vigilant guardian of their Rights Reform—reform
Catholic Question—Shall this House care for the Petitions of the RABBLE
Cages for Refractory Patriots
The Tower
Kings Bench
Bill of Rights
Magna Charta
Get a good name, & go to Sleep
Its Liberty of Conscience my peoples vants thats all
Cent per Cent Interest
Thunder & Turf—ye can have no objection to Mr Moses
"To make a shambles of the parliament house— Shakspeare
St David's Day
Pedigree
From an original sketch by William Hogarth
the new and fashionable dance the Gallopade
State Tub
Sixpence pr day
Tub
Pensions, Places
Colonial, Half-Pay *BRACKETED* , Waste, Church, Navy, Army
Hume
Best proof of love is full proof Hodges
Miss Gin-ny the Bar Maid
Give us Bread
Party Per Pale
Fretty
Taxes
Tythes
Crown of Thorns
£800-000-000 of Debt
Plenty Magni Nominis Umbra Peace
Anything
A . Proper Gull. Vor ant
"Colors gay of every tinge Adorn your petticoats with fringe Swift
Rule Britannia
Skin
We must hit upon other expedients—Bleeding will not do much longer—pound away Bob
Expediency, Cash, Tax
Debt
Block of Expediency
The whole system is corrupt take my médecines
No physic like mine; my recipe
The House is full of Quacks—Jugglers and plagiaries— L'Estrange. Thus were they plagu'd And worn with famine—Milton
State Quacks
Matchless in Impudence and Blacking
Match-less Blacking
Old Coffin
Painting-Keeping
I tell you its no use they all gets into the Tunnel
maid
Snug Quarters here Miss
Brunel for ever
To the Shareholders / What endless honor shall you gain / To save and shelter all the finny train
St Ste *BRACKETED* To Trespassers Men-Traps—Constantly Set—Beware
1 & 2
Unconditional Emancipation O C For Ever
Stop wid ye now—are ye goin to lave the ladies behind—ye blackguards.
He is as Generous as a Prince And a Prince should not be Limmited
He supported my cause
He introduced his R- H to my house
FOX
King - Church and Constitution
Mr Bull, I have been to Paris - and seen all the fine sights there - I now want to have a peep at that little Church on the Hill - therefore let me pass the turnpike.
Test Oath
If you want to go through - pay the Toll, what the devil do you think I keep a turnpike gate for?
Though I boast not gaudy trappings, - nor am I mounted on Ass back, - yet if he goeth through verily I should like to go through also!
Verily so should I.
We should all like to go through
What ever is is Right
Grant of the Sum of £100000 to H. Grattan Esqr
To you Sr as the deliverer of our Country & the establisher of our Peace; the Senate & People of Ireland dedicate this Small token of their Gratitude
Liberty
Time Shewith all Things
Magna Charta
Patriotism
Law
Liberty of Conscience
Religion
Liberty of the Press
Common Hall
Bill of Rights
Juries
Honesty
Elections
Bribery & Corruption
Map of England
1st Saml 2d Chap: 3d, Verse
No Reform no Reform
Treasury
New Places Sinecures fresh Appointments Addition to C------ *BRACKETED* List
TEKEL
Thou art weighed in the Balances and art found wanting
Select
Dont be afraid of the viands, Gentlemen—although our fatigues are great, I hope we shall convince the parishioners we can do our duties at the table if we do not at the Board. Decanters of Port and Sherry, a ham, and a turkey are on the table; a dwarfish footman brings in a dish of ducks. A second footman oafishly holds out a glass of wine to the chairman, spilling the contents of a soup plate on to the head of a guzzling fellow gnawing a bone, who is identified as Alderman Winchester. The latter's neighbour eats with a knife; all but the parson-chairman appear ill-bred; one turns aside to vomit. The parson's vis-à-vis, identified as Mr. Staunton, leans back in his chair, asleep with food on his fork, while a spectacled doctor, identified as Dr. Morgan *BRACKETED* proffers a bottle of Rose Water. From the pocket of a gross and carbuncled man, identified as Mr. Thompson, hangs a paper: Hush-Money from certain Brothells, Flash-Houses &c &c. He drinks, putting his foot on that of a small man,  OPEN>> Fentum
Select
He
She
until you promise to attend to the List I have pinned up at the head of the Bed
Hibernian Hotel Real Whisky sold here
The Macaroni Scavoir Vivre and Theatrical Magazine
Parliametary *BRACKETED* Corruption
New Bankruptcy Law
The Times
Law Reforms
New Peers
This is the quiver to give him the coup de Grâce
M de Guelpho the Lessee
Reform A New Serio Comic Opera—Old Score
Bravo! bravo! bravissimo!!
This Gentleman feels the merits of Reform & knows it is the only thing to keep the concern from utter ruin
Madam Queeno Prima Donna
Re for or-or - or—or—or—or—or—orm
It has been supposed this Lady, was prejudiced against the piece, but the wishes and interests of the lessee are her chief aim
Signor Greyo Stage Manager
List of the House
Aye
Nay
I shall go distracted we have not force enough to go through with the grand finale and if I engage new forces the old ones will be sulky
A good fellow but dont well understand Trap
Signor Whetheralo primo basso
The Mourning Post
Curse the piece I don't like it a bit / Curse the piece I don't like it—a—bit
A very facetious fellow but as he don't like the Opera he throws all his jokes at the piece instead of into it
Signor Broomo The Tenor
Reform—reform—re-for-or-or-or-or-or-orm
This is a very spirited performer in the last scene he tries to attack the Hydra corruption *BRACKETED* in his very den
Signor Giovanni Bullo The Basso
Schedule A
Schedule B
Re—form Re—form—Re—form
He will roar you like any sucking Dove
It is recommended to the anti-reformers to go up to His Majesty in procession as above represented & throwing themselves entirely on the Royal mercy with tears & prayers implore the withdrawal of the Reform Bill, candidly acknowledging what they ask is for their own good alone, for if they pretend to seek the good of the country His Majesty, like His Grace of Sussex, may call it all Humbug
Arch Bishops to represent the Bench
Clerical Magistrates to misrepresent the Church Militant
Deans with their Eyes to the Mitre
Our Tenths
Parsons blowing their own trumpet
Banners
Figure to misrepresent the Cholera
Great Boroughmongers
Little dependants with the banner of their Idol.
Mamon
Banner borne by a dandy Guardsman
Waterloo
Country Baronets fast asleep borne by Lawyers
Banner
bloody Hand
Jack straw to misrepresent the landed interests
Placemen, Pensioners and Sinecurists
Tax gatherers two and two
guy
Match *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  on his head:  OPEN>> The Blacking Man *BRACKETED* as Guy Fawkes to be bound *BRACKETED* after the play
Editors of Tory papers tag rag & bob tail
Fire not too far off
Neither get too close
Dont intrude or you may be shot flying
And be careful of your gun going off
Sam Sucker Pump Maker
Matchless Blacking
M
Let me tell Gentlemen who laugh I've lost more Latin than they retain, they think too much of such tails *BRACKETED* Tales
Emmet
To raise a storm of agitation / And wring my tribute from the Nation / Here's of hatred malice strife / Enough to poison each mans life / Impudence and lies unblushing / Blood *BRACKETED* fast gushing / Impurity to blind men's eyes / Flattery to appear most wise / Nought's to filthy for communion, / When mix'd well with repeal union, / If they dont too soon detect it / I'll raise a storm & then direct it
enemies
wind
Yankees
For England
Leak
Commong porty vous Munseer?— and O Oui—il est un tres belle jour!
D J . . . Letters Dear Lady
.. ua væmisera nimium vicina Cremonae
The Life of myself *BRACKETED* then in the Commission of the Peace
Myself
Priscian
Parnassus
Madam! my Debt to Nature paid I thought the Grave with hallow'd Shade Would now protect my Name Yet there in vain I seek Repose My Friends each little fault disclose And murder Johnsons Fame First, B .... ll with officious Care Shew'd me as Man would shew a Bear And call'd himself my Friend, Sir John with Nonsense strew'd my hearse And Co ... .y pester  OPEN>> d me with Verse You torture without End, When Streatham spread its friendly Board I opened Learnings valued hoard And as I feasted prosed Good things I said good things I eat I gave you knowledge for your Meat And thought the Account was closed If Obligations still I owed You sold each item to the Croud I suffered by the Sale. For God's sake Madam, let me rest Nor longer vex your quondam Guest I'll pay you for your Ale
A pretty tolerable Profit this rightetailing must produce and you'll swear they cost a fine Price wholesale I warrant me!
To be sure Honey! we'll swear or put our Mark to any thing Master requires.
yes! yes me Jewel swear any thing! Master has plenty of Cole!
This is quite a new way of supplying us wholesale, we shall have them by the Snob's Chaldron next.
What is that Man talking about? does he not have them fresh and fresh besides the Bushel is the best measur for the Seller.
Boug *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , with a total:  OPEN>> 155.44.
Chan May Busl Jun 5700 Jersey . . . 00.
Banking
Agency Accounts, Expences of raising my Cor *BRACKETED* , Ordonanc Office, Subjects for British Artists, Cash at Use on Exchequer, *BRACKETED* is a glass door inscribed  OPEN>> Pictu *BRACKETED* Gall *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  through which parts of two heavily framed pictures are visible. Beside the desk and on the extreme right. are three coal sacks inscribed:  OPEN>> Bought in June 180- to be Delivered in Novem
Bought in July to be delivered in January
... be delivered] in Febru *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . On the floor beside them are papers:  OPEN>> Coals pr Chalpr Bushel and Expences of the Entertainment given to his Royal *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , with two books:  OPEN>> Cash reciev'd in advance May 1799 and Profits by Contract £1 000.000
Magna Charta
*BRACKETED* of Rights
. . . Press
Town Talk
Give me Age and wrinkles, your young girls are only food for children.
A very Noble looking Buck he makes dont you think so Marquis!
Ich Dien,
I think those are too large for me my Lady.
My Lady's the best judge of that!
To be sure I am but I should like a pair with a little more gold on them!
Dont be frightened my Dear you shall not suffer the fate of Acteon.
No faith for there are no Diana's here!
I'll bet you a hundred my Buck beats!!,
Done! double if you please my Lady! my Buck has bore Antlers for some Years!
My Old Buck shall take up the conqueror for what you please Ladies!
This will make a pretty novel amusement to introduce on the Continent
and occasion perhaps a new order of Knighthood
I'll Box the Minister about if I get in & tip him Seven the Main
Now Mr Alderman I vil Show you vone Jews Blow
Combe's Entire *BRACKETED* Small hopes
Aldn Combes for ever
He'll Make a better Boxer than a Parliament Man
Brothers Prophecys
Pains Rights of Man
The Whole art of Boxing made Easy
A Petition for Peace on giving up all the West India Islands Corsica *BRACKETED* Fleet &c &c
King Lord and Commons *BRACKETED* A New System of Governt on the French Republican Plan
Teritories Conquerd by the Republic of France & Indivesible Equality for Ever
Bribe
Land of Promise
Hypocrisy on the Hustings
Peace - and I not consulted 'tis very strange, by Gad
Gazzette Extraordina *BRACKETED* Peace! Peace!
It is here, sure enough, I can scarcely believe my eyes, then all my fine speeches respecting the continuance of the War is dish'd, its no farce.
O it can't be true depend upon it.
This is a curious kind of business. I heard of it at the Crown and Anchor.
I heard of it in Bedfordshire.
Pray who is this Peace Maker - this Mr A- Ad, Ad, what's his name, I never can think of it dam my Wig
I really cannot immediately recollect, but I know he is not one of us - however we can find it in the Red Book.
The Terror of the Continent
Be'gar by my Imperial decree England is in a State of Blockade.
I cannot help laughing at the whimsical conceit.
Grog
Why, what do you mean by that you whipper snapper - here's Tom pipes and I in this little cock boat, will Blockade you so that you dare not bring out a single Vessel; - Blockade indeed! you are a pretty fellow to talk of Blockading!
I wonder Jack you throw away your precious time in talking to such a lubber!
Nelson
Me Voici! your poor Nap—escape from de Cossack—by gar I jump out of de window for my life *BRACKETED* Ah I now jump in de bed vid my Wife.
Jesu Maria What is this so woe begone it can't be My husband he promised to return in triump, it must be his Ghost—
Ah de Ghost!! de Ghost of Monr Nap.
That e'nt my Papa!! he said he would bring me some Russians to cut up *BRACKETED* . I think they have cut him up.
Come down with you what do you want with breeches—they will not fit you.
Never you mind. I know my own business better than you
I am the highest Bidder.
Ladies I must beg of you to leave the Breeches alone—going going let them alone— Madam you will Tear the waistband—going going gone!
Knock the Breeches down to me at any price.
What a fuss about a pair of Breeches.
Baxters Shove
It was Knocked down to me for Sixty Guineas!
100£
Here's a hundred, for It I must, I will have the Chair.
You be d—d
No Sir I am to be saved.
The Prophets Mantle
A Hundred Gus for the shirt.
30 pounds for the Snuff Box, & any price for the Coalheavers Mantle.
I'll give 30 Guineas for the Spectacles.
John Bull
G, IIId Rex
Don Bull
Corsi *BRACKETED* Chain
Gold
Dollars
To Bayonne
Church Plate
Spanish Regalia
Joseph Ist Rex Espagnol
Patriotism
Good Entertainment for Man and Horse The Widow Tap-tub
My dear Lucy—My dear Polly! Whatever may have passed between us I hope all is now forgotten
Map of Great Britain
Map of Holland
Switzerland
Pubd by H Humphrey N° 18 New Bond Street
Fox for Ever
Fox for Ever
He is the Devels own Representative
Fox for Ever
Tho Reynard for Westminster's Surely thrown out Yet Hell will Elect him you need not to doubt As member they ve Chaird him the only thats fit To manage affairs in the Bottomless Pitt
His progress, they said depended on Ascendancy; and this, they told him, was Ascendancy—and consequently the only thing that could do him good. Westminster Review N° 19.
Corn-Laws
Long life, to the pair of ye
14 and 6 are 20 6 from 14 leaves 8
Common State Waggon John Bull & Co.
Constitution Hill
France
Portugal
Greece
Religion
York you're wanted
Black Ascendancy
Rambler's Magazine
Bartholomew Fair
Prerogative
Reform of the Household
Gent
Dean Swift's Maw Wallop
Black Joke
The Last Dying Speech for High Treason
Cock & Hen Club St Gilse's—Chairman George Whelp Deputy Charley Wag members Hanger—Sherry—Norfolk— Barrymore *BRACKETED* —Slender Billy—
Honi so *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* As Regent he sits enthroned under a canopy, grossly fat and supported on crutches *BRACKETED* , his vast gouty legs resting on a cushion. Lady Hertford *BRACKETED* , seated beside him *BRACKETED* , proffers a glass from a bowl of punch, while McMahon, tiny as usual, and standing on a stool, hands a glass of brandy from decanters *BRACKETED* on a table, below which bottles are stacked. His  OPEN>> Privy Purse
Taste
Scourge
The Bounties of Providence Counteracted . . .
S S
Now Gentlemen I cannot suffer this Lot to pass without Tuchin upon it's various properties It is the very identical Chair in which the Prophet when sitting at his Ease examined the  OPEN>> Wise and foolish Virgins
Innocent Games
The Saints seed time
follies of Youth
the Bond Child was brought to the Test
Final exhortation
Answer to fools
I bid 60 Guineas Sir don't dwell  OPEN>> forward press forward
M—rg—n
50 Guineas
I am Overs'eer & Treasurer.
H—Marrowbone St
Lot 60
Gleaning of the Vintage
Agoing agoing agoing for the last time agoing.
Cry of little Faith
Feeble Disput
Glory of the Second House
Satan's law Suit
Sale by Auction Tuchin
S S
Bear & Forbear
Altho I have given 6 Guineas for a pair of the dear mans spectacles I can see nothing in them.
Seven times have I been Transported by Love & the Eighth by Law.
methodist preacher
marrying
Strong Shoes
S S
a dashing kiddy blade
Methodistic maid
What do you think of that Hey My dear?
Here Lyes the Coal heaver Beloved of his God but abhored of Men having amased many thousands. And England shall know that he hath had a Great PROFIT!!! among them WH • S alias WH • A • S • S
S S
Utility of the Books  OPEN>> Music & odour of Saints
S S
Bank of Faith S S
S S
S S
Child of Liberty in Legal Bondage
O! vat a nice tail my Lxxd. Tis quite a Pergamy
Now we are in private my dear. I have bought up all the Caracatures And nobody will know what we are at. It is considerably past the hour fixed for closing the business of the day.
Ah! can I believe my Eyes tis Camxxx.
What a moral character! I must Sey-more.
The Wit's Magazine
garlands
Bond Str...
What do the People mean by reform and retrenchment we have now nothing more than common necessaries have we James
I never trouble my head about it my Lady
John Bull. Late English
To Let
Sale by Auction under Sheriff ... ; Notes ; Caution ; Auction
Hunts Black *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Down a dilapidated side-street windows are headed  OPEN>> Cook Cook
I am decidedly for the Police for what can be better than that the Poor should pay for the protection of our propert'y. A beadle *BRACKETED* holds the door against outsiders who try to push in, showing that the meeting is that of a select vestry. One vestryman has a big rate-book,  OPEN>> T.....Poor
Church
I say that the Police are an Inefective Impudent disorderly extortionate Body and thy *BRACKETED* are unconstitutional you all agree with me
all all all all all
I can bear this no longer let me go to my people
We'I Protect you even at the risk of our Places
Let them come we'I Riddle them
Who who would ever *BRACKETED* that I am the man what was I have drove many great Men but now I only Drive a Cab
Cease not to wonder little Alley Croker I myself am lost in wonderment! ! ! ! ! !
Dont think too much of Your  OPEN>> Order
That Mr B------m should have accepted office, after his late declaration is I think a mater *BRACKETED* of the greatest wonder *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . EATON THRASHING MACHINE. *BRACKETED* A paunchy brandy-faced parson *BRACKETED* , holding a big birch-rod, gapes in amazement at a large letter:  OPEN>> Dr Keats Rev Sir Unless you lay aside your  OPEN>> Thrashing Machine
Swing
Reform
Thus far shalt thou come but no farther— Ha!!!!!!
Any commands for Ireland My Lord Duke
No
Brother in adversity Your hand
The old white Lion here
John whats all this Bell ringing about
La Sir Robert they say it's some change in the Ministry
A glorious change Brother, cant I do some­thing
I Fear not Ernest, the new Ministry must be something popular
Well I dont think Mr Swing can come here
Oh! L—d Master!!
fire fire fire!!!
No Machines
Swing For Ever
Lower Your Tithes
I Recommend to this meeting the formation of a yeomanry Regiment of which I am willing to take the command, then if the base peasantry wont starve quietly we can cut them down like chaff
I think that whould, only make worse, what we want is Reform in Parliament, with Lower Rents Taxes & Tithes, you that think with me hold up your hands
all all all
Petition
Petition Corn; Petition Reform; Petion *BRACKETED* ; Police *BRACKETED* ; Petition Window *BRACKETED* ; Petition Soap
And John said more in Sorrow than in Anger What the Devil is the matter with us Can you tell Trusty
No my good Master John You like myself seem to be getting worse and worse I have a chance of a change should the Steam Carriage come into vogue
I have my eye on you old boy
Surely the People are not gone away
bread
We think it fit | With so much drink | To eat a little bit | And when of that we tire | To warm our selv's | We'I make a Fire
or—a British Magistrate in the discharge of his Duty, & the People of England in the Discharge of theirs!!—see Speeches of the Opposition passim.
Riot Act
Death or Liberty
Magna Charta
A Pugilistick Club
Attic Miscellany
Frontispiece
The Ending of the Old Year
Attic Miscellany
Carlton House Magazine
Les etats unies de l'Amerique
Demoitié nous serons ensemble
L'Angleterre son leopard
Le Milord m'offre des Richesses
la Colonie
les etats unies
Doux espoir de la Liberté Viens calme *BRACKETED* mon coeur agité
la Nation, la Loi, le Roi
la plus mauvaise Paix est preferable a la meilleur Guerre
le bonheur est de la répandre de le verser sur les Humain
le Comerce
la Colonie
Ne vas pas me tromper / Ne crois pas m'echaper / Sur la terre et sur l'Onde / ma puissance s'étend / et jusqu'au bout du Monde / Ma vengence t'attend.
Catholic Bil *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , while he clutches the slipping Howick. In the middle distance *BRACKETED* John Bull, a yokel in a smock, watches delightedly, saying,  OPEN>> Dang it! he has kicked um off at last zure enough! Aye, Aye, it was that cursed Catholic Bill tickled his rightump and set him a Kicking.
4.000 Pr Anm
I've had a cursed short ride! and if it had not been for this little cushion I should have a confounded thump on my Rump.
Curse that Stone I've broke my Nose against it.
Portland Stone
Address
Queen
Feeling
Sense
No *BRACKETED* B *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  under his left arm, his right hand, holding a rolled document inscribed  OPEN>> Libel
Sydney on Government
Leave not a Wreck behind
Reformation Bill
He that Fights & runs away, May live to fight another day.
You dam Dog, you run way wit all de Branche
will oppose a firm barrier against any dangerous popular measures
Corr. of George III
Out of regard to the delicate feelings of the Society for the suppression of Vice. HB, has made free with classic truth by enrobing the rival beauties
General Election - List of the Returns
Wings of Corruption
Secret Influence
No Popery
Persuasion
Effrontery
An Old Wig
Depot of Promises
Places and Pensions
Red Books and Sinecures
Rotten Boroughs
Tail of Bribery
Ten
Fifty
Twenty
I dont know Master Bull but really on looking over the returns - I am afraid we an now as deep in the mud as we were before in the mire.
John Bulls Property
I dont care twopence who's in or who's out - all I have to do is to endeavour to take care of my strong Box, and here I'll keep my station.
cit
N° 3......N° . . .  OPEN>>  Text:  OPEN>> I Promise to Pay to Rory O Bogg Esqr \\ or Bearer, Two Pence, when the Union of the Kingdoms \\ shall have produced a union of Civil & Religious principles. \\ London, the Ist day of January *BRACKETED* . For self, Leinster, Ulster, Munster & Connaught, \\ Pat. Potatoe \\ Pence TWO \\ Entd Dermot O Wisky.
Ireland
Dublin
Hibernian Magazine
This will teach you Humanity for Thousands of Starving Manufacturers, driven almost to Desperation, by the United efforts of Foreign & Domestic Enemies.
For the Enemies of Ireland
Anoint him well - I have tar enough for the whole tribe - Parasites, Pl - ce men Pens - onrs, mock Patriots, Paragraphers - Blackguards and all - and a Speedy Exportation to the whole - Hurra, Boys, Hurra!
Real Irish Cloathing for Apostate Patriots &c. &c.
Was not you very dull, when you took off our Wool To leave us so much of the leather, the leather It ne'er enterd your Pate, that a Sheeps-skin well beat Would rouze a whole Nation together, together.
You shall be well fledg'd, Tho
The distressed Manufacturers of Ireland, being drove to Desperation by the Rejection of protecting Duties, have adopted the Example set them by their American Brethren *BRACKETED* of tarring and feathering such Persons as refuse to enter into a Non-importation and Non-consumption Agreement, judging that Measure the only Expedient to save this oppressed kingdom from Poverty and Wretchedness. . . .
cit
Irish
Together reared together grown, Oh! let us now unite in one, Let friendship rivet the decree Nor bigots sever Pat and Me
bigots
Petition against Concession
It's time for us to be off.
Tippoo's Horse
Heavy Ra/eins or Monsoon Tip! O!
They cant call the being driven thus a defeat - its only a retreat to return with more vigour - or, why not a compleat Victory - for they dont follow us - and yet we are nothing the better - and as Victors it was a cursed foolish thing to leave our Provisions - behind - Indeed our Situation is very Serious.
Current Retreat or Zenophon Outdone
To Seringapatam
To Bangalore
A New Song, As Sung at the Theatres Royal of Billingsgate, Fleet-Market, & Gloucester Place
Stool of Repentance
Torn Handkerchief
An answer will much oblige—HB
Our plan which we intended to have proposed, was this.—namely that schedule A and the 10£ qualification should remain untouched; but, that the popular principle of the Bill should be enlarged; by extending the right of voting, under certain regulations, to all persons paying Scot and Lot
I fear not!
Well if my plan was a  OPEN>> Mouse
What! all schedule A, the 10£ qualification—& Scot & Lot to boot! astonishing!
Who does he mean by  OPEN>> we
I am sure I can't tell—can you R—d—n
I am all amazement
Julius Caesar
Drury Lane
Covent Garden
Why Man - he doth bestride the narrow way like to a colossus - and we petty mortals crawl under his huge legs, and peep about to find ourselves dishonourable Graves.
Tragedy Comedy Opera Farce Pantomime &c &c &c. &c.
French Habits, N° 8
Treasurey
It is the Most Perilous Adventure your Worship Ever Engaged in
I tell the *BRACKETED* Sancho I will Stop his Supplies
profil perdu
Studies from Nature
A Model to make a Boy from
Sketches of Different Parts
Pan
I have brought the Chocolate my Lady, and Lord Dangle desired me to say he would be here in a few minutes.
very well John, when he comes shew him up into the Shop.
Lady Stretchleather tells me my Lord handles his Awl famously
Aye Aye we'll make him usefull We'll set him to work
True he shall sew up our Rans *BRACKETED* for us and stitch up our Quarters
Commutation
Retail
Removed to Dublin
On Pretty Maids beware Will Pitt How taxes thou dost lay On Pretty Man  OPEN>> twere far more fit All Folks do sing or say. The Cooks will Roast thee all alive The House Maids well will Scour thee The Chamber Maids will Jointly strive With Close Stool pan to Show'r thee. You stop'd the Light, that God did give And Drench'd us with your Tea, Such Commutation whilst we live No more Ah! may we see. On Retail Shops be no Tax laid They do the Poor Supply Nor Give to Ireland our Trade, This is the Nations Cry
a worthy Dutchman
obligatie
Murcia
Oeconomische Brillen
worthy Dutchman
Biblia
Thames
Lands End
Lizard Point
Berwick
When Buonaparte was on the eve of leaving France, ... he said to some of his adherents,  OPEN>> that he would return in the Violet season. . . .
Corporal Violet
Examiner
Morning Chronicle
Corporal Violet *BRACKETED* is the favourite toast of his partisans in France.
that, after he had gone, the soldiers always said he would come back when the violets bloomed and that. . . they always referred to him as Père la Violette. This made him laugh heartily.
Corporal Violette
Corporal Violette Just received from Paris Several Hundred Copies of  OPEN>> the above celebrated Print
Les Fleurs du Souvenir
Bouquet chéri
Paris
Le retour du printemps et de la Violette
Le Lys et la Violette
NAPOLEAN BONAPARTE The first and last by the Wrath of Heaven Ex Emperor of the Jacobins & head Runner of Runaways *BRACKETED* , Stands indicted 1ts *BRACKETED* for the Murder of Captain Wright in the Temple at Paris 2d for the murder of the Duke Dangulem *BRACKETED* Pichegrew & Georges 3 for the Murder of Palm Hoffer &c & 4th for the murder of the 12 inhabitants of Moscow 5th for inumerable Robberies committed on all Nations in Christendom & elsewhere, 6th for Bigamy & lastly for returning from Transportation, and setting the World in an uproar.
You Nap Boneparte being found Guilty of all these Crimes it is fell to my lot to pronounce Sentence of Death on You—You are to be hung by the Neck for one hour till you are Dead, Dead, Dead, & your Body to be chained to a Mill Stone & sunk in the Sea at Torbay.
Oh cruel Blucher, Oh! cruel Wellington it is you that have brought me to this End. Oh Magnanimous Emperors Kings & Princes intercede for me and spare my life; and give me time to attone for all my Sins, My Son Napoleon the Second will reward you for Mercy shewn me.
I shall be lost for ever in the depth of this terible Pitt
Is all our coalizing come to this, O! I could tear my flesh for madness
I think as matters are now it will be my wisest way not to assist you any longer
fox
Three mourning Patriots here are in the dumps, They play'd their cards, but lost for want of trumps, Renoun'd alike for Eloquence and wit, The wily F --x has tumbled in a Pitt
Kings Taxes
from Jove
Huzza
Lewis d'or's
D° N° 26
Dam the French for coming in his way say I
This is more than we expected: more than we wished
Tis the last Fleet he shall have the opportunity of beating however
Ha! Ha! Ha! behold Augustus ye 27th
Ha! Ha! Ha! - new measures - send a Pig to supercede a Lyon
27th July, Gloria
Rusty
Dr Walker's veritable antiscorbutic Pills. Beware of Impostors
True antiscorbutic Pills
Quack Quack Quack
When once you've told & cant recall a Lye Boldly persist in't or your Fame will die. Learn this ye Wives, with unrelenting Claws Or right or wrong, Assert your husbands cause
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Who gave you authority to release that ass from the Pound
Why look you master - the thing was this - we saw him aground without Victuals d'ye see and so my messmate and I agreed to Cut his Cable and set him at liberty because we have known before now what it is to be at short allowance
Saint Stephens
Independent Entrance
Corporation Entrance
Corporative Rights
Charles Slt Subscription
The end justifies the means!!!
Common Sewer Entrance
This is not so bad as the Bristol affair but I am quite used to Dirty Work!!
cit
The Extraordina *BRACKETED* Red Book Containing a List of Sinecars *BRACKETED* &c &c.
Terrors are turned upon me: they pursue my soul as the wind: and my welfare passeth away as a cloud.*
*Job. C. xxx, v. 15
Have Patience, John Bull, see how dangerous it is to live on the Fat of the Land! what heavy Affliction it causes me which you need be under no Apprehention of enduring, Content yourself with Bread and Water!!! and you'l never suffer the Pain of the Gout! I must know what is best for you.
Patience is a virtue
How sulky the beast looks altho my Master does every thing to serve him.
No man has a thorough taste of prosperity, to whom adversity never happened.
It is no part of wisdom to be miserable today, because we may happen to be so to morrow
Wonderful Aeronauts
— Forth from the Goal Starts the favorite hob—and on his back Firm sits light load, the Dandy, Jerkin'd spruce
Travelling Anecdotes through various parts of Europe
That y Dutch Deliver into y Hands of English Paul Jones, *BRACKETED* York
P.Jones
I never was in Such a Scrpe *BRACKETED* before in all my Life I must be for neither & Yet for both - For they do but Ask and I may Chuse Whether to Grant them or Refuse For 'tis their beter Parts their Riches That my enamoured Heart bewitches Let me yor Fortunes but possess Then Settle Your matters how your Please Hudibrass.
Guineas
Dublons
Dollars
Luidors
Assit *BRACKETED* me but this once I now implore And I shall Trouble Thee no more. - Hudibrass -
Manefesto To y Court of London
Ah me, What Perils do Environ The Man that Meddles with could Iron. Hudibrass.
Tho we with black & blues are fudgeld Or as y Vulgar Say - are Cudgeld He thats valliant and Dares Fight Tho Drubd can loose no Honour by t
Yet am I loath my days to Curtail If I thought my Wounds not mortal Or that we had time enough as Yet To make an Honourable retreat - Hudibrass
Magna Charta
libertas
Hart of Oak
Perpend my Words O Minheer Nic That if thou wilt not Give a categorical Answer - I shall Teach you to Feel y weight of my Displeasure - For Danger from his Life Accrew Or Honour from his Death to You Twere Policy and Honour too To say as You Resolve to do.
To ye Immortal Memory of Capt Falmer - An Heroic Epistle.
This Plate representing our Critical Situation with y Dutch is Humbly Inscribed to every True Briton who has y Wellfare of his Country at Heart.
For Now y Field is not far off Where we must give y World a Proof Of Deeds not Words & such as Sute Another manner of Dispute A Controversy that affords Actions for Arguments, not Words
It is now sixteen or seventeen years since I saw the Queen of France . . .
I thought ten thousand swords must have leaped from their scabbards to avenge even a look that threatened her with insult. - But the age of Chivalry is gone - Burke on the Revolution in France. Page 112
The Wind S.W.from Mr Dessin at the English Hotel at Calais. No. 1. Miss D'n Arriving at the Standard of Liberty the Madness of the Time. No. 2. F------e at the Bloodsucker's publick office. No. 3. L------m at the Magazine of Sophisticated Wine. No. 4. LI------d's Coffee House or office of Policies. No. 5. Mother Cole's near the Lock-Hospital.
Enlevement de Mlle Deon. Le Tems dont le pouvoir devoile les secrets les plus cachès, s'etant mis en tête d'Eclaircir si Mr Deon est chevalier ou chevaliere rencontre ce heros problematique sous le portique de L'hôtel D'Angleterre á Calais; le vieillard le saisit, & a la faveur d'un coup de vent S.E. il trensporte son nouveau Ganimede sur les Rives d'albion; on voit le groupe dans les airs se presser d'arriver, l'ún *BRACKETED* portant l'autre, tandis que les amis du beau cavalier se preparent a le recevoir au rivage sur une converture, L'homme au telescope est un fidel marchand de vin composé en Angleterre, le satire a sa gauche est un honete Procureur, Enemi des affaires embrouilléés; le faune qui tient le baton surmonté d'un bonnet,, signifie la liberté, et son in lustre *BRACKETED* Defenceur Wilks; les deux femelles a pieds de biche, sont renomées pour pretandre que mlle. Deon ne l'ést point
The Star of Ceylon
Courage my good Friends - I perceive a Ray of Hope, that may yet save my Country
Let me have a peep. I must own it surprizes me - I have been looking out for some of those Rays, a long time, but never could discover a single glimpse.
Seeing is believing to be sure - but I can scarcely believe it.
I could never have supposed it.
Power
Titles
Honors
Rewards
Government Places
Pensions
Wealth
European Magazine
I am thankful to you, my Lord, for this large fish, you shall have as good a one soon from Portland
Our Windsor Acteon in the window, seems highly tickled with his Cabinet Hounds
This American Buffalo, has occasioned glorious sport
I will have a loaf & a fish, or the Wool-sack may go to the Devil
Kick him off Charley, that Bloodhound must not come in, he'd devour the whole.
This is fighting Yard-arm and Yard-arm my Lord, which you know I love
I'll share what I get among the Loyalists, if I dont change my mind
I am as deep as a Pit, when any thing of this kind is going forward
This is Bleeding with A Veangence If I do not Shake off Some of these Leaches I shall not have a drop of Blood Left, why they will never be full & this is the third Set I have had on with in this three years or so. enough to Destroy the best Constitution.
Hard Work Indeed for poor Johnny How Voraicous I begin to think they will be too many for him I must Order Some of them off I see.
Defaulter
300-000
200-000
400,000
500,000
New P . . . *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . On the r. are heaped John's hat, waistcoat, coat, shirt, and wig, with a club inscribed  OPEN>> Oak
The Election Ball
Rules and Orders. 1 No gentleman to attempt the prime ministers leap, except he promises to introduce a general Excise. 2d No gentleman to attempt the Lord Chancellors leap - except he can swear with a good grace 3d No gentleman to attemt the Master of the Ordinance's leap except he dis- pises the Navy and hates the smell of gunpowder. 4 No gentleman to leap without Breeches except from the North 5 No gentleman to kick another on the Breech whilst leaping. 6 Should any gentleman from the East wish to attempt a leap it is requird that he should possess a great number of Diamonds!
The Sieur Jablanouski takes this Public method to express his Thanks to the E. of Ch--t--Id for haveing introduced the Saltatorian Art into the Ancient Kingdom of Utopia.
It haveing been found impossible to convince a certain number of gentlemen distinguish'd by their attachment to the Heir apparent to the Crown of Utopia of the Efficacy & absolute Necessity of the Sieur instructions, thay are on that account to be for ever excluded from this Academy.
The Sieur Jablanouski, just arrived from Lilliput, where he has had the honour to instruct the Prime M-----, the Lord High C------, and all the first Political Characters of that truly great and renowned Empire - now offers his service to the Nobility and others who are desirous of distinguishing themselves at the illustrious Court of Utopia. - It has long been the mistaken notion at this Court, that Virtue, highly cultivated Understanding, Integrity, and Honour, were the proper requisites for Gentlemen who wished to become Ministers, Chancellors, Secretaries of S------, &c &c. - The Sieur Jablanouski, therefore, from well authenticated facts, undertakes to prove, that none of the above qualities are at all necessary; and that if Gentlemen Candidates are only endow'd with a moderate pliability of the back bone! he will assure them that a very little practice in the method which he teaches, will enable them to vault into Pensions, Places, and Preferments, over the heads of all other Candidates who puzzle their brains for the good of the state in the old way
MP
Bye Baby Bunting
Shall I Mack it a little sweeter
Dont you think the poor thing wants to go to his Chair.
Soothing Syrup
Theese are pretty parliment Poppets
D-n such pantomime as this
One Minister to another still succeed & the Last Fool as welcome as the former
I will always serve my King & Country
I like a Good parliment birth brother Hood
State Quacks
Scourge
ROYALTY
Nobility
Commoners
Nobility
Swinish Multitude
One night fatigued with State affairs He sought his Royal couch, & said his prayers, Then on his pillow gently laid his head, And stretch'd like other folk his limbs in bed. His heavy eye-lids soon in slumber close; But short his sleep & transient his repose, For dreadful visions now before him roll And dreams of fearful import, scare his soul.
Quick from our presence drive this rabble rout Quick,—we repeat,—turn all these Varlets out, To further measures soon w'll have recourse, And put the Vagrant Act in rig'rous force! See to it—Mah—n, that the thing be done, See they be pilloried, every Mothers son!
The Black Art—by Lord Liver *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  and  OPEN>> The Art of Hum-Buging
National Bebt—Millions! Millions!! Millions!!
Royalt *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  smaller and fainter than before, is broken off, the arms are severed at elbows and wrists, the legs fall from the trunk. The interpreter stands in profile to the right, a large book under his arm; he declaims:  OPEN>> Thus grew the evil which will crush you yet; The Stone, That monstrous Stone—the Public Debt! Which like a Mill-Stone fastned round your neck, Must lead at last to universal wreck,
What at the feet begins, will quickly spread, And fall, with heaviest vengenance *BRACKETED* on the head!
The Scum Uppermost . . .
scum
Burdett
Fox and Ld W. Russel
No Bastile
To be erected on the Spot where Corporal Violet, alias Napoleon landed, in France on returning from Elba the 3d *BRACKETED* of March 1815 in the department of La Var after a retirement of Ten Months
Murder
Plunder
Ambition
Deceit
Vanity
Pillar
N
Bible
There you good for nothing jade take that for persuading the allied Sovereigns to send me to Elba—so take that! that & that!!!
N
Vive L'Empreur
Pillar
Pillar
Peace with Prussia
Proposals for Peace with Sweeden
Proposals for Peace with England
Proposals to Austria
An Address to the Army & People of France
Decree for Abolishing the Slave Trade throughout France & her Colonies
New Constitution
Proposals for Peace with Russia &c &c.
Squatting plump on an unsuspected cat in your chair!!
Begar I hear dem coming - O what a Fool was I to turn Vice Roi - I wish I was on board the Galleys again.
I say Namesake *BRACKETED* you are caught in a Trap.
To Gen *BRACKETED* Murat State papers Bayone.
Come on my Brave Countrymen I begin to scent him - & tho we have treated the English so ill that generous Nation has provided us with Money. Arms. & Amunition Come on then Come on.
Carlo Khan's triumphal Entry into Leaden-hall Street
New India Bill
Stamp Act
Perdition Take thee for the Chance is thine
Made by Lunardi
Lunan
Luna
Sunday
Saturday
Doctor, how is your Patient to Day
Better thank God
Damnation
Rather worse - Sir -  OPEN>> . Sheridan, with a satisfied and cunning smile, says,  OPEN>> Ha - ha - rare news
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
The Original Shop
Thoughts on Suicide
*BRACKETED* rupt
Nothing To Do—got all my people to Help Me
Fox
Master ant at Home
What do you want him to *BRACKETED* ?
Been looking arter him ever so long
I say Yates She knows how to pick up the Cash
Messrs—Mathews & Yates quite at Home
When Icicles hang on the Nose
O WHAT A FALLING OFF - WAS THERE *BRACKETED* O'Connell, in wig and gown, directed to the right, his right arm extended, surreptitiously takes a  OPEN>> 600 Fee
Beresford Tongs
Me huxter? Me take a bribe? the member for all Ireland huxter for a fee—an Irish Counsellor take a fee of £600—Fith *BRACKETED* there's a mighty dale too much HONOR about an Irish Counsellor to take a fee AT-ALL let me catch any body offering me *BRACKETED* a bribe sure well see who SUFFERS—There's an explanation for ye Boys
advertisement
Found a volume of pocket miscellany
patent pocket bustle
Ladies would do well to discontinue wearing pockets afterwards!!!
New publications | The last novels-
new publication
Work of hornithology
Matrimony!!! See Morning Hearald
Tailors Bill
Bill
Copy of Writ
The Lady may have her fortune settled on herself don't know what I should do for Fuel—if my Creditors did not send me plenty of paper
Disinterested Young Gen
on board the Blonde Frigate
Ratiocinater
Ex Offico
LIBEL
Ex officio
Libel
Morning Journal
Alex *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , and  OPEN>> Age
The only reasonable objection I can see to smoking is, that one runs a risk of singeing one's Mustachios by it!
Neptune
If that there's anything like my Father— I don't think he was much Like me
Philpot Lane T
Verdict —Sane
D—n that Grocer I wish we had Figed him
Evidence Insane . . .
I shall have a Kick at him next
some of the finest peasntry *BRACKETED* in the World
Plank
Keep the Peace
No man living shall use such language to me
You know your remedy
Knock 'em down knock the X down first
One were afeard—and tother dare'nt and so they dident—and thats all
I beg that I may not be interrupted.
Clarence
Tree
Cheap Gin
Get out of the way their Honors are coming
I hope the Turbot mill not be over done
Walking the Boundaries
Musick—An accidental Sharp
N
"His Laurels are Green Tho his locks Grey
Stewad! Stewad *BRACKETED* 0 dear—
When first I saw thee graceful move Ah me, what meant my throbbing breast Say soft confusion, art thou Love! If Love thou art—then farewell rest
Chesterfield Travestie; Or, School for Modern Manners. Embellished with Ten Caricatures, Engraved by Woodward from original Drawings by Rowlandson *BRACKETED* . . . 1808
Indefeasible Right
The World
Precedent
A Plague of both the Houses; I have lost all my influence then!
Puff Drops
Retire Dear Sir with this best Consolation: the post of Honor is a private Station
*BRACKETED* esury
5 years Salary
Make haste in, my dear Sherry and turn out Uncle Toby *BRACKETED* and that Fool of Power Hawk-----y
& Pray secure something good for me.
I'll do my best, for the man who dares not venture in a good came deserves not the Countenance of good Men.
Damn me Mac------ if you escape me with a wound in the wrist.
Strike and be Damn'd
Ich dien
You had better Change sides Sawney
Troth Sawney is for any side that's uppermost.
Damn my Blood L--b--g--h if you shall have it
Now Now, old Grum, you shall be Pepper'd for your kindness to me
Honor et Libertas
DEDICATED TO THE WHIG CLUB
au bout du comte cest nous qui gagnerons
Vive la Republique! le jeu va bietitot finir, je suis de retour
Guiné *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , marked  OPEN>> 1000
aportez moy des Subsides
vive Souworow!
Honi soit qui mal y pense
vous m'avez fait presque tout perdre
Je m'en vais dans mon ile
Monnoy de Cuivre de Suede
Je suis pauvre, mais je ferais ce que je pourrai.
Baviere
jai debuté fort mal *BRACKETED* . Next is  OPEN>> Wittemberg
j'espere bien que vous ne m'abandonerez pas
Cologne
miserere me Domini
Treves
Adjura Domin...
Dominus vos benedicat.
Halla isKara Holla Muhamed Halla.
by Good The Interest one shall pay me wery good.
Mes chers confreres vous etes tout fous.
9000000 Fridridicks
Ich werde nicht spieler
Cholera Consultation
Long life to our Central Board—R |.  OPEN>> in medio tutissimus bibis *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> —as we say in the classics
May we preserve our health by bleeding the country
I drink Reform in our Hospitals, may they close their doors against the public & the poor die in Hackney coaches
Board & Lodging
I pledge myself to keep some cases afloat
Post Mortem Appearances, want of Employment Poverty Starvation Quarantine Stagnation Distress Blue Ruin
While Drs differ & deny—The Country bleeds & patients die
Contagious Cholera
A bad case
Cases made on the Shortest Notice
Per varios *BRACKETED* casus, per tot discrimina rerum
By various cases & such discrimination | we get on.
Dr Bolus Case Maker
New Case
Swells
The Poles have revolted and driven the Muscovites from Warsaw
Mahamoud be praised! then will our good friend the Czar allow us longer Credit, vizer put up the Zequins
for Belgium
for Holland
ha ha let them fight it out
£30
You are the gentleman I see who had three Hundred pounds worth of property destroyed by the rioters, here is a small account from our Office for prosecuting them
Well!! that's one way to help a lame dog over a stile
Oh I understand these here things cause vy? I fits the darbys on em
Deputy double sides detachment
Come along you refractory dogs and vote as you are told
Commercial Docks division; Alderman th—pes troop; Bankers body guard
J. Bull
Vote By Ballot
I must have this and with it carve it to my own liking
Rest perturbed spirit
The Lawyer winding up his Accounts
Proclamation
Here Goody Grey I can do no good with your Irish stew pot as fast as I mend one hole another breaks out
John Coulter Pauper two shillings weekly
Inquire into your distress pho!! Nonsense
In ignorance tries to right himself and gets . . .'Yokels with pickaxes attack a barn containing  OPEN>> Gripeall's Thrashing Machines
Hang'd
Gentlemen I have thought of this custom and really I cannot discover the utility of it
It has hitherto been the custom for two Gentlemen in black *BRACKETED* to sit one at each end of his Lordships seat until his arrival when they slide gently off made a solemn bow & glided off to their carriages, His present Lordship has dispensed with the ceremony
Whatever I may say of your Goverment I beg your Lordship will not think there is any thing personal
Very good Mr O
Recommended to the Great OC— & the rest of them as the best way of disposing of themselves for the good of their Country. *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  An explosion in a small steam-packet, with men, whole and otherwise, suspended in the air above it, one clinging to a funnel; a fat, straddling, air-borne monk clutches bottle, cross, and rosary. O'Connell, much larger than the others, and holding a document,  OPEN>> Repeal of Union
Talk of wanting compensation because you are deprived of your plunder, why you are the most impudent thieves that ever came before me, But as the Prosecutor John Bull was much to blame for suffering himself to be so pillaged I shall pass but a light sentence—I therefore ordain that you each be branded on the forehead with the letter C.B. signifying Convicted Bo—rou—mon—g—s
Farewell my Charley - let no fears assail For Sure no Fox had e'er so fine a Tail.
If that a Scrutiny at last takes place I can't tell how  OPEN>> twill be & please your grace But Ladies for your Friendship & good will My Bushy Tail is at your service still.
Ah! Sister, Sister, must he then depart To loose poor Reynard: almost breaks my heart.
Plan of economy
To Coventry
Protesta *BRACKETED* Ascendan *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Above the hole:  OPEN>> Emancipation
MP Admittance
40/-
I've got through this bit of ould rag at last—faith I think I'll bother em
The Gentleman from the Dublin Company—made his first appearance through a little Rent—and since has popped his Body through a large hole made in the National Curtain—quite an original Dan has a good smack of the brogue the devils our blarney—and plenty of brass
The Man that will not leave his bed For sport so blithe & bonny, Well swear he hates fatigue & dirt, And call him Macaroni. We'll wonder at his want of Taste, Since nothing so bewitches, As living all the winter long in Boots & Leather Breeches
Cock Pit Barn Door
Cock a doodle do
Chicken! - nay, you was less than a chick, quite addled in the shell, when you turned tail to the T--s-----y Cock and his crums of comfort
Dear Master, permit me to explain - my meaning was good - when I said that I was a mere chicken of the Law -  OPEN>> . At his feet is a paper inscribed  OPEN>> New Species of Poultry by Master Biddy
Dont you think, honest Jack, that we can make a tough Pullet of him?
Impossible! - he's worse than an ill-roasted egg, d-----d on one and not worth a curse the other side
The Theatres
Processions for Ever
To Mr Messiah, Drury Lane Mechanist
Arthur's Round Table
Processions for Ever
S . . . pear
B. John . . . *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Rowe
. . . pear
Bundle of the Elect
Revelation
Gate of Jerusalem
Assignats
Everlasting Life
Isabell Wake a new Song to the tune of a Two penny Loaf
Peace
Here rests the Body of an Excellent Constitution Lost its Existance through the Grim Tyrant Represented above
Treatise on the Camelion
Watch, Hat, Coat, Shirt, Shoes
Holy Bible. Book of Job
Old Window Tax | New D°- D° House D° | Hat Duty | Tax'd Carts | Watch & Clock Tax | New Budget | Treble Assesd Taxes | Tax after Tax | ad infinitum
The Bones of Cuffee the Malefactor
Mem—since I find I cannot succeed in Writing against Man I must follow my worthy Predecesser Paine & Write against God.
Men will learn to express all that is base, Malignant, Treacherous, Unatural *BRACKETED* & Blasphemous, by the single Monosyllable—Paine—written by me W. Cobbett—Intend paying my Old Debts by raising a subscription on these Relics, must be doing something, Cursed World, Kicked out of France, driven from America & obliged to run awy *BRACKETED* from England.
Just arrived with his favorite, & precious Relics. The word Reform, according to Cobbetts Ideas, means a Conforming to existing, circumstances purely, for ones own advantage, witness his Life and contrdictory *BRACKETED* Writing
Decrees of the Congress
An Account of the Deliverance of Europe
A Plan for the Security of Europe
Avast ye Bunglers, the Cake you have been these six months disputing about, the Cutting up I will do in as many hours *BRACKETED* .
who the Devil would have expected you here—this is mal a propos.
Saxony
I thought England had promised to guard him!!!!
Hold him Seise him.
Oh! dear Oh! dear what will become of me.
Italy
Who'll begin? there's the Rub!!!
Poland
Sweeden
Seize him, Kill him.
aye why dont you Kill him.
Stop him stop him.
Norway
O! Donder & Blixen! my Hollands is allgone.
Hollands
See The Final Benefits Of Boasted
Palace
Would leave us no vessels in commerce to sail, No fields of rich grain, no cellar of ale: But one little corner alone they would leave us: A grave in the ruins when of all they bereave us
20.000 a year
Island of Elba
A List of Ministers for your Majesty's Approbation
Restoration of Louis XVIII
Philadelphia
Eagle
Behold the Man of Whom 'tis True The Mending Trade, He doth Persue
Address from the very Ancient and respectable Corporation of Garratt. High and Mighty Sir.
Only two dissenting voices, your honor, Sir Solomon Raggedarse and Sir Gregory Donky.
Gin
Did you ever see such grace and dignity in your life Mr Alderman!
Grace! He shall be made master of the Ceremonies at St J-----s's!
Coniac
Shrub
Rum
Brandy
Thanks; Thanks; my respectable Friend, this is the most delicious cordial I have tasted yet.
Address from Manchester
Reform
Wonderful Magazine
A Spaniard
Sans Culotte
Stephen Stupid
Obadiah Prim
C. J. Fox
W. Pitt
The Royal Bellman
Beef-Eater
A Welchman
Peter Pindar Esq.
Sir Jeff. Dunstan
Jack Tar
An Irishman
A Scotchman
Harrison's Barber
A Blackguard
Ich dien
WWW
To Wynnstay
Weel mon Dinna ye ken we ha got into a wee bit hobble my Scribe *BRACKETED* having made an Error in his petty Cash Account - Folk dinna hesitate to say I'm na longer fit to be a mon o
Dont implicate me I beseech thee - Thou know est I am Immaculate - I never promised any thing that I did not mean to perform, Except something about Emancipation, which I endeavour to forget - Or Levying a few trifling Taxes on Horses, Perry, Cyder, Salt, John -Bulls Income Hops, and Malt, - Dogs, and Carriages, - Burials Marriages, - Bricks, Tiles, Receipts and Peppers, - Hats, Servants Newspapers Letters, - Agreements Houses Windows Wills, - Tea, Coffee, Wines, and such like ills. - However if I cannot procure thee Absolution I must Absent myself from my Public Functions forever! -
St Stephens Oratory
Native Oratory
"My wife had Tea ready for him which it is well known he delighted to drink at all hours, particularly when sitting up late. He shewed much complacency that the Mistress of the House was so attentive to his singular habit, and as no man could be more polite when he chose to be so, his address to her was most Courteous and engaging, and his conversation soon charmed her into a forgetfulness of his external appearance.
Academie Royale de Musique
cit
Now do Charly my dear good Boy - open the door a little bit farther - just to tnable me to take in a few of my friends at the Stock Exchange!!
Omnium
Speculation on Peace
Dispatches
To Monsr Talleyrand - Negotiations
400
A very seasonable supply Jef and you may depend upon it, I will remember you as long as it lasts - you may lean upon my Arm Jef when you meet me on *BRACKETED* & I feel such an Ebulition of gratitude for your inexpressible friendly Act in discharging that Rascal of a Tradesman's demand that I will have the honor of introducing you myself to the Grandmother of the Loves.
The Honor of your gracious smile repays me a thousand fold!!
Advice to a young Tradesman by B Frank *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . On the table are three jewel cases, two inscribed  OPEN>> Jewels for the Lady Abbess
Jewels for my Trull
London . . . Reciev'd of Mr N Jeff . . the Sum of Five . . . *BRACKETED* 1500. 0.
not paid: Butchers
. On a tall folding screen behind the Prince and his visitor prints are pasted, four of which have titles and figures:  OPEN>> The Prodigal recieving his Portion
Sqanders with Harlots
Feeds with the Swine
The Fall of Phaeton
The Greeks: A Poem  OPEN>> Venu de France d'une manière inconnue;
Greek
Greeks
Organization of Egypt, & Triumph of Buonaparte
Egalite
Pitts Speech
Reform
St James's Park
Jacobs Ladder
Canterbury
Thoughts on the overgrown Strength of ye Dissenters that threaten the total Annihilation of the Established Religion, & a revival of ye Puritanical Days of Oliver Cromwell
Huzza! my boys you see I am almost at the Top.
To Dr Coll *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The Duke of Kent stands at the foot of the ladder, which he holds, turning to the left to say, pointing at Collyer:  OPEN>> Who is so Worthy of Royal patronage, as the man that is the admiration of ye Ladies, the popinjay of Methodism & the Ornament of the Print Shops.
Hints & advice from Lords Holland & Erskin
The Act of Settlement
Test & Corporation acts
London
Evangelical Magazine
Baxters Shove *BRACKETED* to the heavy a—s—e Christian!!!
The True Religion
Huntingdon's Bank of Faith proved to be safer to Depend on than the Bank of England! witness ye pair of Breeches & the Bunch of Cabbage that came tumbling down the Chimney into the Authors fraying *BRACKETED* pan & other marvellous benefits for the true Beleiver *BRACKETED* .
when we have succeeded in Undermining this Crazy Old Fabric it will fall with a glorious Crash.
Pilgrims Progress
Religious Tracts &c sold at the Vestry rooms of most dissenting Chapels— Sabbath breakers! or a Treatise on the immorality of buying Milk Mackerel Muffins &c, on a Sunday! by the Society for the Suppression of Vice—Mrs Southcotes prophecies *BRACKETED* —Dr Rippons Hymn tunes arranged for the Piano Forte!!! Dr W—k—n's Vindication of the innocence of Eliza Fenning or, a Methodistical Method to libel a Judge & Jury of the Country— Publish'd on speculation by one of the elect at the Moderate Price of 6s/6d—Ogh Hone! Ogh Hone!—Charity Sermon at the Chapel near Finsbury Square-by the Rd Dr C—l—r before their R.H—S the Dukes of K—t & S—x the Duke of Bedford & the Lord Mayor!!!
Watt's Hymns
Come ragged, come hungry, come filthy, come bare You can't come too bad, come just as you are!!
The 39 Articles of Religion
Watts Hymns
Bedfordshire
Sacred to the Memory of K. Charles 1st who was sacrificed by the Puritans A.D. 1649
Methodistical Cant
Durham
York
Meetings of the Bible & Missionary Societies. Sunday Schools &c! &c! Duke of Sussex in the Chair!!
New Reformed Church of England erected by the Dissenters of 1816 Patronised by ye D—s of K—t & S—x
Saints Everlasting Rest
Log Book
Hell-Fire, my Soul, Dam, Blast, Eyes, Heaven, Curse, Limbs, Blood
"Who wrought such wonders as might make  OPEN>> Egyptian sorcerers forsake  OPEN>> Their baffled mockeries, & own  OPEN>> 'The palm of magick our's alone
Constitution
Trade
Justice
Laws
Charters
Craft
Oratory
Full
A travelling Prig
The World
Installation A well aired two bedded Room to let with every accomodation for four Single Gentlemen
By order of the Magistrates no Hawkers are permitted
Rich Cordials and Compounds
Club Property
Rum Punch
Aqua Fortis
Castor Oil
Pus Var-Vac
Strong Box
Tooth Pick
Club Law
A Rook
A Pigeon
Blackleg
Draughtsmen Rooks, Pawns &c
Genuine Beer From Malt & Hops Only
Drs Bill, Paid for Quassia, Wormwood
Tobacco
Laws of the Musical Society held in these rooms.—1st No Person to be admitted that stops more than half a note out of tune. II To prevent inovation *BRACKETED* No piece to be played out of the black letter and lozenge character. III Any Gentleman that greases anothers bow—Lifts it off the strings—Gives him the wrong piece of music to play or wrong pitch in tuning, to pay forfeit IV The forfeits to go towards buying an Iron shoe and long Cane or the Leader. *BRACKETED* B Doss Secretary
Seat of *BRACKETED* pain
This side uppermost
To be Kept Dry
Pease upon a Trencher
not exceeding five shillings and a stamp *BRACKETED* ; on the coal-scuttle is the sign of the Sun Fire-Office with the number  OPEN>> 1234
Wines Neat as Imported
Port
Cider
Sloe Juice
Sillabub Under the Cow
Spruce Beer
Mocha Coffee
Roasted Beans
Dealer in Foreign Spirits
Neat Post Chaise and Able Horses
Just Arrived From Abroad the Phantasmagoria by the Sieur Philipstal
Good Entertainment for Man and Beast
Fun decently Performed
Dancing Taught
Horseflesh Pork Man
Nl Dance
Music Provided
Painting in General
A Genteel School for Young ladies' *BRACKETED* . Ground-floor:  OPEN>> Phlebotomy Practised
Trepan Surgeon
Mangling Done Here
An Allegory to demonstrate the fatal consequences of  OPEN>> Radical Reform
I H S
Once the Gods
Violino primo
bootikins
Oh Altamont! thy genius is the stronger, thou hast prevail'd . . .
Encore—Encore
Bravo—bravo—Encore
Bravo—Encore.
Corsican Close-Stool
He has crack'd my Crown— overturned my Temporal Dignities—but I am so trammeld in these crutches that I cannot follow him as I could wish, however my good Lord Cardinals read him the Excommunication it will make him tremble on his Throne.
May the said Napoleon Be D——d in War or Peace, Sitting, Standing, Sleeping, Waking, Lying, Walking, Talking, Riding, Running, Eating, Drinking Crying, Laughing, Scheming on every thing may he Napoleon be D------d
Mercy on me I never heard any thing half so dreadful!! When you have done with that paper Gentlemen I will thank you for it
Waste Paper
Essay on the Church of Rome
Histories of the Tête-à-Tête annexed . . .
Ca-Ira
Well! this new Game is delightful! - O Heavens! if I could but once Pop the Post!!! then you and me, - Dear Brother P, - Would sing with glee, - Full merrily Ca-ira! Ca-ira! Ca-ira!
on the Glory of Revolution and on the Folly of Religion & Order
Here's plenty of Wadding for to ram down the Charge with, to give it force, & to make a loud Report
A Sergeant entered a recruit who . . . turned out to be a woman . . . he said, Please your honour I could not help it. I enlisted this Girl for a Man, and now he turns out to be a Woman
Law of Nations
Remonstrance from G *BRACKETED* Britain
Treaty *BRACKETED* Alliance
A Distant prospect of Malta
A new political Game
As I am an honest man Ireland is fairly entitled to 161 Members, consequently instead of 5 we ought to get 61 new Members
I perfectly concur in the sentiments of our Honble Leader
In common consistancy, you are bound to give Us more members *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* Goulburn:  OPEN>> Thats right keep it up)
More members I say, More members for Ireland—you can't refuse Us.
Give us more members: particularly for Mayo.—It is the only way of putting down the Agitators, and I demand 32 additional members for Ireland
Ireland ought at least to have an increase of 17 members
I contend for an addition to the Irish representation particularly for the County of Mayo
If you will only have the goodness to say, Gentn what number will satisfy you all, I promise to comply with your wishes *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . *BRACKETED* Stanley, holding his glass to his eye:  OPEN>> Backed by Such Authorities *BRACKETED* Gentn your arguments demand especial notice
Mad Dog
Mad Dog - down with him
Caractacus
John Bull
The World
Rejected Plays &c.
Carlo
Water Grue and containing plays:  OPEN>> World!
Siege of St Quintin
Travellers
Venoni
Toad in a Hole, Turtle, Calfs Head Surprse *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , and  OPEN>> Barbicued Pig
Jonson
Shakesp . . .
Beaumont and Fletch . . .
Come Jack favor us with a Toast
Here is the Lady that can raise Five Hundred Members!!
very fair—very fair
How much did you give to be Gazzetted. The man answers gloomily: Five hundred hard cash!!
I did not think it would have been done up so soon— I had promised at least a Dozen promotions
Indelicate Investigation
Stinking Rogues . . .
Arms Quarterly, first Azure, a Mitre and Fools Cap transverse ways, second, Sable, an Inn shut up, Third, Gules, Caput Universale, on an Asses head, proper, fourth, Argent, A Book entitled Excerpta e statutis, Supporters, Two Cooks weeping, Crest, A Hand holding a Roll of Paper, Motto, Impransi, Juvenes Disquirite
W: Gurford
To Lett
Licensed
Post Horses
Divinitas
Jus civile
Medicina
Non Regent
Sen Regent
Moveable Feasts \\ Anny of Eton Club \\ Anny of True Blue \\ St David's Day \\ Scholars Clubs
Immoveable Feasts \\ Trinity Sunday \\ Johnny Port \\ Latin \\ Founders Days \\ Masters Clubs \\ THE FAMILY
Capitale judicium
The Public Entry of the Queen into Jerusalem
Extracts from the Pilgrimage of St. Caroline
Sold by S. W. Fores 50. Piccadilly.
Truth
Justice
Pains . . Penalties
What can an Old Woman do
This Old Lady was a considerable time on the establishment— and was always thought an excellent Old Woman. She is willing to act again and looks forward to another engagement—at present is allow'd the freedom of the House
Pensions
How many did you say Robert?
Eighteen!
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
You'll all go to the Devil!!
Ha! my old Friend! This kindness was unexpected why, they told me that you were quite turned against me
What! I turned against you? why see, we have had some differences of late, and I am an obstinate old fellow, altho
Behold me ye Jacobines and Weep
Yes. Yes we'll come again Very Loyal no Jacobin - not believe it.
Oh he is the Wisest Wiliest best of Men to Walk before the K
Bailiffs for Middlesex
Fox
O heavens! quoth she, can this be true? I do begin to fear 'tis you: Not by your individual whiskers, But by your dialect and discourse. That never spoke to man or beast In notions vulgarly exprest: But what malignant star alas! Has brought you both to this sad pass? Hudibras, canto I mo.
Several Pouting lips to be hired by the day by Deven
Westminster Election
Hood and Wray for ever; Leakes justly famous pills for curing the veneral . . . *BRACKETED* ; No Coalition No Bribery
Magna Char *BRACKETED* Liberty of Napoleon
Reform
Modern Belles. Dedicated to all the Beaux. By the Author of the Greeks, . . . *BRACKETED* Sixth Edition . . . London Printed for J. J. Stockdale, No. 41, Pall-Mall
The Genius of Honour and Integrity
The Monster of Corruption
Look here upon this picture, and on this, And then Judge for Yourselves
MAGNA CHARTA Bill of Rights
The Genius of Honour
A sound Mind
An Eye ever watchful to the Welfare of his fellow Citizens.
A Tongue that never belied a good Heart
A Shoulder that never shrinks in trouble
An Upright Breast and an Honest Heart
A Lover of Peace and Plenty A Plain Liver
Pocket ever open to the Necessities of his Fellow Creatures
A Knee to Religion
Legs ever steady in his Country Cause
Hand of Justice
A Staunch Supporter of the Bill of Rights An Advocate for a Fair Representation of the People An Enemy to Bribery and Corruption
The Monster
Professions and Promises
An Eye to Interest
A Scent for Interest
A Mouth of Guile
Collar of Corruption
Arms of Power
Hands of Extortion
Pensions Reversions Perquisites of Office
Bag of Bribery
A Cringinge Soul
Pampered Appetite
Secret Service Mony
Legs of Luxury
A Rotten Borough
Feet of Connivance
Town Talk
Law
Legal Definition—Crim Con is a Venial Misfortune.
Avaunt, Jade! I'll teach thee how to thrust thy hatefull mirror into good company. Go, Don Quixote thee to get a new one, more accommodating to the taste of the Times.
Truth and Morality
The curse of Cain is come on me, my hand is against every one, and every one's hand against me.
Reproof
Shame
The Dwelling of Truth Clariore Tenebris
In Veritate Victoria
Intemperance
Slang Dictionary
You must leave off your Slang now you have got a post, such Gross language will not become you.
Practices of the Court
Aye Aye, leave Sancho Panza alone for that—as the proverb is the greater the sinner the greater the Saint.
Revenge
Voluptuos *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  with bare breast, roses in her hair and in her hand, and holding a small winged globe, and  OPEN>> Envy
hold your noise you brute we shall be discovered
Make haste, Mama—never mind the pig
"That she *BRACKETED* would steal away so guilty like—Shakspeare
About, about; Search Windsor Castle, elves, within & out
"Let's shift away; there's warrant in that theft, Which steals itself—Shakspeare—
— not contented with her broad highway Delights for change, thro private paths to stray
A Poetical Description of the Map
Johnny Bull on a Whale
Scotland
Ireland
France
Spain
Switzerland
Portugal
Italy
Holland
Germany
Prussia
Sweden
Norway
Denmark
Russia
Turkey
Oft we see in the shops, a print set up for sale, England colour'd, an old fellow striding a whale: Yes! Old England's a picture, the sea forms its frame, And Hibernia and Scotia they class with the same. Would you ask me what crystal, so clear, 'tis before;  OPEN>> Tis the large lens of liberty plates them all o'er . . . He hangs o'er the ocean, protector, and pride. See the rude hand of time has not dar'd to assail Yet  OPEN>> the sturdy old fellow astride on his whale.
the sturdy old fellow's astride on his whale.
the sturdy old fellow's astride on his whale.
Indolence
Oeconomy
Ambition
Love and Wine
Improvement
Galway for ever
To Helmsley
Lord Galway
Oh! Oh! I shall be reduced to Whalebone
Kitson, Stay Maker
Wm Siddal Esqr Ld Mayor & Taylor
You have not paid for your freedom
Mr Duncombe
make me your member then
Mr Martin Frobisher Stationer
------Coupland, Cutler
Richard Garland, Butter factor
Scourge
The Citadel of Office
Wool
Report of Physicians 1804
List of my Friends Cambridge
Citadel
Law of Libel
New Statutes
New Bankrupt Laws
Catholic Emancipation
Resolutions
Finance
New Budget for 1811
Bullion Report
Citadel
Private Door to Treasury
The Pilot that Weathered the Storm
Citadel
Crackers
Logements pour des Heretiques
Vive le feu
A Prayer Restoration of Health Amen
"Damme, come along, I'll see if the Old Fellow's------or not
The Prodigal Son
I desire, you will Sing God save the King!!!
I'll be D—d if I do!!
You'l be d—d, wither you do, or do not!!
They would have ruined me if they had staid in power
Ill gotten pelf
England's Evil Genius unhorsed or the downfall of Witchcraft
The Mirror of Truth
England shall never be wronged whilst a Thurlow lives
Your War with America I all-ways condemned
Your whole proceedings were contrary to Equity & Justice
Bill for the Examination of Accounts, and saying Your Army expenditures have been enormous & Shameful
Army Extraordinaries
Parl. Hist.
You have denied God deceived your King plundered your *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The Duke of Richmond, wearing a star, says,  OPEN>> Their duplicity as Ministers is beyond parrallel
Honest Yorkshire will be true to the last
Petition for redress of Grievances
Your Crimes stink stronger than all the Foxes in England
Your tax on Women Servants fills our Streets with Whores
Your partiality in the house has ruined you
Memoirs
Catches & Glees
Damn the Navy give me a Whore and a Bottle
Wellcome my dear Lord to your old. Friend
This is a damn'd Rigg by the Bye
Taxes on Soap, Salt and Small Beer
I died of an Apoplexy and made no Will
This Truth is a most cruel Libel on us all
Letter to the King
Ah Cousin Germain I have got you fast
The Mirror of Truth
The Military Adventures of / Johnny Newcome, / with an Account of his / Campaigns in the Peninsular and in / Pall Mall: with / Sketches by Rowlandson; and Notes. /...By an Officer *BRACKETED* . / London: / Printed for Patrick Martin, 198, Oxford-Street, / . . . / 1815
4000
As mush above Four Tousand as you pleash, and dere vos de costs, precious stones in de rough, but no rubbish, by Cot a mighty - is dere Moses?
No, I vos Swear dat.
They wont know Sloe Leaves from Bohea.
Do you think they will measure every Yard of my Cloth?
Yes, but my stuff will do for I have a bonny friend *BRACKETED* to Speak for me.
Money Lent
Dr. Slop
Treasury scribes
Times
Examiner
Traveller
News
The Political Ark 1787
Blessed are the K--ng's appointed, they shall taste the rich things of the Land; but woe unto thos that thwart his Rulers till they turn from their wickedness and do that which seemeth good
1, St Stephen's ------
2
The S------r
Pro Rege
2, Velvet seats for the Inns
Pro Patria
3, Porcupine seats for the Outs
Gentlemen we yet have Ways & Means
4, Mr G------t
5 The Door Keeper
The S------r is in the Chair
Aye or no for a place
My conscience for a place
I want a place
The Lad may be hard run & glad to come down handsomely
Thro
Law Covey
There will be some Glorious Promotions.
6 The A-----y G------l or great law luminary
Covey
Impeachment, if pursued, may afford us some crums
Scotch Squad
We'll try for a gude place mon
Bengal Squad
7, M-----r. S------t
I'll talk & write Till black is white
Bengal Squad
The Rolliad
The Pillars of Prerogative and Pitt
8 Mr L
If Charles should ever get in office again, sure, he would give honest Jack a good place
I'll warrant we'll kick up a Dust
Antigallicans
10 Mr F------& L------N
11
9
11
Mr S------n
Wit
9
Mr B------e & Mr F------s
Impeachment
Francis Master Hastings
We'll give a good bastings
Anon, Anon, Sir
Rupees
Pagodas
22
19
16
Mr E------n
I must defend my Treaty, or farewell to all my hopes
19
Mr P------& L------ds of the T-----y
T-----y Saveall
Gee ho for Universal Commerce
State Scholars
22, Sir J------ M-----y
I'll grunt till I get a peerage.
12
13
14
17
18
20
18, Sir L------K------n
Hur would give hur coat & leak to be chief
17, Law Chicken
I expect to be a welch Judge
13, L------ G-----y
A Red ribband binds me
14
Mr W--lk--s
I'll have a squint at the market
12 Aldn W-----n  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* holds up his wooden leg, saying,  OPEN>> Gratitude spurs me
20
Messs R------e & S------l
We mend as we go
Bengal Squad
I'll push hard for a good place
It's a dirty road
Interest is my idol
23
Ald. H------t
John Bulls Journal
The Great the Magnanimous Catherine of Russia seized upon One third of the Kingdom of Poland and Kept it to herself - These Peaceful Danes Seiz'd on the City of Hamburgh.
So you say Master Bruin, that my visit to Denmark has no parallel in History- do be so good as to turn your spectacles to this page and refresh Your Memory.
Cloathed in Grey
Drewe upon Fortification
And Darkness Covered The Face Of The Deep
An Illustrious way of Enjoying a Friend
Corrupt Representation
Unlawful Privilege
Warrant
Vincit Amor Patrice
Nothing but My Wig will save my Head
By the immaculate Abbott of St Stephens we're all a going
Curse my Leather Breeches what will become of us!
Oh dear I wish I was at York
Reform in the Army
There they go my Coc
Aye the whole Squd *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; he is in naval uniform, wearing cocked hat, and *BRACKETED* a star; he holds  OPEN>> Reform in the Navy
Hold! hold we are of your side again lets get out first
- whenever I wish to form a proper estimate of a mans Mind, I observe his Manners & his Dress
Variety is Charming
OPEN>> Tis Nothing When You're Accustom'd To It
B
Raw Hides No 1
Raw Hides No 2
Highest price for—Old Bones—Carrion, dead Dogs or Donkies, bought sold, or exchang'd. No Credit given
To Newtownards, Mile-cross Grey Abbey
To Belfast *BRACKETED* Carrickfergus
to Mile Cross
"Is it to be endured I ask, that we should be called things!—things with human pretensions? !
*What was the Fishwoman's virtuous indignation at being called an individual to this?— Nothing!
Doctor
The cheapest Booth in the Fair
This is the only cure my Dear Friends for every disorder incident to the human body but for cure and comfort to your Souls I must beg leave to refer you to my Partner the other side of the stage
All my last books of Sermons going for two pence a piece cheaper by one penny than you can buy them on those days that I preaches in the fields: and if any of you ketchd a cold at that time I'd advise you to apply to my partner for a bottle or two of his Stuff.
Rara Avis in Anglia tres in una conjunctae
Fox
Pray support me till you are quite spent
Ill hold fast by your tail & am sure we cannot fail
Fox for ever
Hood for ever
One Ray of hope is left
derriere
My Lord the Guards are now arriv'd
Riot Act
The Mob has frighten'd me so, that they've give me the Gripes
Kennett
Maps of London
The Riots so frighten'd the Mayor, And where's the Wondor when it, Was so critical an affair, His lordship could not - Kennett
Plaster of Paris
Erected in Honor of a Treaty of Commerce and Friendship between two Rivals Nations
Amsterdamers Gale
British Brass
Plan for paying off the national Debt
Peace Establishment
French Treaty, or a long and lasting Peace secured by reciprocal Advantages
System of Treaties
Calf—"My dear Miss, I lost something here last night—
Indeed Sir!!!!— Calf—"Yes my Sweet Angelic you are in possession of what I lost 'tis my Heart.
All things are decreed above—My dear Children this is the true principles of the Christian Relegion.
Go along my boys! we shall make a good thing of it there is not much fear of the Old boy getting a Child,
But some one may for him & then we shall be chous'd out of the £30,000.
Liberty
"The Noble Lords who opened the flood gates of insurrection would be swept away by the torrent except perhaps, his Noble and Learned Friend on the woolsack, who might be enabled, by his peculiar dexterity, elasticity, and Vigour, to float for a time upon the tide, and play his gambols upon its surface
Vide Lord L—dh—st's speech upon the second reading of the reform Bill in the H. of Lords
Le Prophete demasqué
L'Imposture de Mahomet
ALKORAN
No Corn Bill *BRACKETED* ,
Keep the game alive,
there he goes.
Now for it Mr Garrow.
Oh! my Heels,
Oh! my head.
mackerel
Faith & I never was in such a Flood before—I really beleive I'm dead—but However dead or alive an Irishman will always do his duty.
St Stephens.
We had better let them alone
I think so.
Pepper for the Piccadilly Squad
Legion of Honor
Order of St Andrew to our Faithfull &c &c &c &c Fudge *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The bear's order is inscribed  OPEN>> To our trusty and beloved Cousin &c &c Fudge
Collar of Independance
Really Brother Bruin - you never look'd so fine in your life, you cannot think how the Medal, and cap and Bells become you
brother
I shall really be ashamed to return to my Own Fraternity. I wonder what my Old Friend the Lion will say.
Treaty of Alliance
Prussian Cake
Collar of the Legion of Honor
Revolutionary Sheers
It is certainly very fine - but what with haveing one of my heads chopp'd off - and the crown half crack'd of the other, besides having my wings cropp'd I think somehow I was better off before
The palace that N-h built: a parody on an old English poem. By I. Hume
G.R. Windsor Castle
To Windsor
To Slough
XX Miles from St James's
Resources for Prosecuting the War
20s British Assignats \\ 40s Do \\ 10s D° \\ 5s D° \\ 2.6. D°
St Georges Volunteers
Yeomanry Fencibles
Supplementary Cavalry
Supplementary Militia
Remains of the Gold & Silver Coin
De Croteur Monsieur on pratique pour un livre
W.H
Bulse *BRACKETED* of Dia *BRACKETED* Entd at St James's
Bengal
St Ja *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , is marked with a crown and broad arrow. On this are two books:  OPEN>> Defence
Charges against W--H 1786
Fort George . . . Humbly . . . entreating acceptance ... a Bulse of Diamonds
Govr Gel
Bribery
Plan of Attack
Daughter return to your duty, and let me punish those empty Boasters; those base Villains, who keep you from your Alegiance, and desturb our Quiet
Mother if you would punish those Villains, who forced me from my Alegiance, and desturb our quiet, you must find them at home: those Gentlemen are my Allies, we are now Arm'd and seek your Life.
Signiora Britania, I'll take care your Daughter shall be true to me, I'll make her wear a Spanish Padlock
Sacra Dieu! I vill have your Daughter vether you vill let me or no; and vat you tink besides, By Gar, I vill make you my Servant, to vait upon us, you shall Roast your own Bull for our Wedding Dinner
A Song Miss America North, so News-paper records; With her Mother Britania, one day had some words, When behold Monsieur Louis, advanc'd a new whim, That she should leave her Mother for to live with him. Derry Down, The Damsel consented but quickly found out That her Paramour was not sufficiently stout; Besides he was poor, and she wanted fine things, So he sent to Don Carlos for Cash and Gold-rings Derry Down, Says Monsieur to the Don, if you take my advice, Then you of young Miss may come in for a slice; The Don being am'rous was easy brought o're, And he Cuddled, and Kiss'd, as Monsieur did before. Derry Down, Britania beheld her with tears in her eyes, O! Daughter return to your duty she cries, But she replies no I'm a Woman full grown, And long for to keep a good house of my own; Derry Down, If you'd used me hind when I was in your power, I then had lived with you at this very hour, But now on my Lovers so much do I doat, That we're Arm'd and I'll help 'em to cut your old throat. Deny Down, Then with Hatchet, and Scalping-knife Miss did advance, On one side of her Spain, on the other side France; Britania thus threatned, does all three oppose, And how it will end the Lord above knows; Derry Down, Britania of late sent out one of her* sons, Who has given Don Carlos, a thump o
loquitur
Tripod or New Satirist
Gunpowder
Curacoa
Now for Glory Yarmouth Now for Blazes.
ginger
Civil List
The Melvel
A view of Cantabury Cathedral
Butchery
B------
M------
B------
M------
Super Intendants of the Butchery from the two great Slaughter Houses
Pardon 1745
Solicit *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; he points towards the ships, looking anxiously towards Bute and Mansfield. They are  OPEN>> Col. F------r
W-----n
45. In 1756 he raised a Highland regiment which fought brilliantly in Canada and was disbanded at the peace. Many of its officers and men joined a regiment raised by Fraser at the outbreak of the American War, the 71st or Fraser Highlanders. Fraser was then a major-general but did not accompany his rightegiment to America. *BRACKETED* is Wedderburn, the Solicitor-General, who came to London with Fraser when they were both young men. The soldiers on the right are *BRACKETED* , described as  OPEN>> Scotch Butchers
English Soldiers struck with Horror, & dropping their Arms
The English Fleet with Scotch Commanders
Youthful as Hebe bewicthing *BRACKETED* as Venus
Fine Girls by Gad Bob
Diving Bell
Victory's Boat. Holding the tiller and looking over his left shoulder with a frown is Keppel, saying,  OPEN>> Yeo Oh
I Oh
Hum Oh
Never fear to dive my Lord, that's Born to be hang'd will never be Drown'd
I'll go down because I am a Judge
As maligrida *BRACKETED* now does reign, all their labour is in vain.
if Boreas was here he woul'd much Swell and prevent the efects of the Diving Bell
G.R.
a tar at Greenwich moor'd
a poor maim'd pensioner from Chelsea
Great Wheel
T. Slano
Polito
Town Talk; or, Living Manners
Tony Lumphim
To Yarmouth
Young Caesar
Bull's Wonderfull Menagerie
Walk up Ladies and Gentlemen and see the curiosest Hanimals that ever was seed afore—a Cow of an extraordinary size, of the Hertfordshire breed, six inches fat on each side clear of the ribs, more celebrated for her zveight than beauty, remarkably short in the neck, and distended in the udder—also an Old Bull of the same breed—blind but not from age—remarkable for the length of his horns and his docility; indeed so tractable is this that you see he is led by a blue ribband. Then there is a red Bull Calf of the same breed—eats amazingly, drinks abundantly, but so vicious that it is necessary to caution the public against him—after to day these Hanimals may be seen every day in Manchester Square for Half a Crown Also to be seen at the same place every day from 3 to 6, from 9 to 12 and occasionally to 3, 4, 5, or 6 in the morning as the company may suit a remarkably large Bull Calf *BRACKETED* of the Buckinghamshire, or Kings own breed, astonishingly agile in his movements, and although so fat can make a summerset, wheel round or otherwise change his positions with wonderfull versatility strangely forgetfull tho, admission to see this Hanimal alone nothing less than a Crown.
King Street
G.P.R.
A Prince he would a Rakeing go!! *BRACKETED* ,
There he goes.
I do not like that fat Hertfordshire Cow with her great Duggs—did you percieve how Vicious she look'd at us.
Yes my Friend! and the Red Bull Calf did not look less so. I think we had better keep out of their way.
D—n it is that the P— in that shabby chariot, where can he be going to
Why into Hertfordshire to be sure to hold a secret Council!
Lady Hertford
Manchester Square
Regency Spice Nuts
Jno Adams / The Hit or Miss *BRACKETED* / Meux and Reid *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; on the chimney is a notice:  OPEN>> Sun Engine
Worcester Coffee House
Town Talk  OPEN>> N° IV
Princes Street
A Nut-Cracker
A Hogs Friend
Old Lingo
Sam Soak, The Gallant Welchman, Death's Harbinger
Dame Clackit, Poor, Dame Clackit, Rich, Simon Snip
A Dull Dutchman, An Old Codger, The Musical Wonder
A Well Known News-man
The Giant of the Bank
Mr Jenkins, the celebrated bank clerk
Maldito Godoy! tu ignorancia mi ha engañado! / Tailleran *BRACKETED* ! donde se fue mi talento ? / Yo tabio! Ha rabio! cayga todo el Cielo sobre mi al instante. / Dupont! Vedel! dadme cuenta de mis Exercitos! / Ha España, España! me has perdido! / Todas mis ideas se han frustrado! ya lo veo! / El perfido Inglés descubre mis tramoyas *BRACKETED* ! / O dia 2 de Mayo! ha! que caro me cuestas! / Sanguinario Grouchi, no sirvio el terror? / Simulado Moncei, que hiciste en Valencia ? /
Malditos Austriacos *BRACKETED* , qué fuertes sois! / Hermano mio *BRACKETED* , y la gente / Ha! picaros Españoles que mal me pagais / Y mi Qonstitucion ? Os limpiais con ella? ya, ya! / Yo perder mi Esquadra en Cadiz! / O pérfido Ysleño! te sales con la tuya! / Lefebre! Junot! Habeis quedado lucidos! / Rabiente de colera, lleve el Diablo la España, y mi codicia! / Futre! Futre!
Plan pa invadir la Gran Bretagna
Lista de los hombres qe he sacar de España
Noticiosó Napoleon de qe sus Exercitos de España habian sido derrotados, y aprisionados sus Generales y Soldados, poseido de Colera, derriba silla, mesa, y quanto tiene en su Despacho, se macéra la cara, se arranca los pelos, y profiere las exclamaciones que le dicta su Ymperial y Real Colera.
Reform Flag
The King on his favourite Grey viewing the Progress of the Race for Reform
Russell's Purge
days of May
Now when Nosey sat at the right hand of the King he called aloud for Bobby & others, but none would come. . . .
King & People; or, all right again
Give three cheers for the King, for Russell & Grey, | And the Broom that has swept all the cobwebs away
Satirist
British Oak
British Steel
True Blue Dreadnought
Grapple him Citizen and I'll play one of my Infernal capers under his Bottom.
I'll tip you a Yankey Torpedo.
Blow up my hull indeed— you may Kiss my—tafferal—Mr Yankey doodle—"Shiver me—I'll tip you a taste of the Shannon and send you down to old Davy.
Scourge
A Tour to R.
We have had a glorious ride, my Love!—It is worth Half a Crown.
I have not Half a Crown to give thee. Would that I had.
H
H
Curacoa
They must e'en go when the Devil Drives.
For Yarmouth Second hand Peices *BRACKETED* from Wales
Female Asylum
Ah! I remember the time when I myself enjoyed those loves. But he has forgot his Poor F.
There he goes; oh! oh! oh!; O! the gay Deceiver; There he goes Faithless man.
To Ragley
European Magazine
Richard III
Lyar
*BRACKETED* day, *BRACKETED* sday, *BRACKETED* rday
Rule a Wife and Have a Wife
Bon Ton
Mon *BRACKETED* , Wed *BRACKETED* , Fri *BRACKETED* ]. Beside Tragedy is a weeping willow, beside Comedy a table with decanter and glass. *BRACKETED* A man wearing a large leek in his hat stands in a mountainous landscape under a signpost pointing  OPEN>> To Wynnstay
Constant Couple
Spanish Barber
Cymbeline
The Devil upon two Sticks
Idol of the People *BRACKETED* Vide Hist, of Bel & the Dragon
Behold Whom ye Worshipd
This Dragon long had reigned the People's Wonder, But Daniel's Pills have made him burst asunder
The Military Adventures of / Johnny Newcome, / with an Account of his / Campaigns in the Peninsular and in / Pall Mall: with / Sketches by Rowlandson; and Notes. /...By an Officer *BRACKETED* . / London: / Printed for Patrick Martin, 198, Oxford-Street, / . . . / 1815
wanting door or casement
Grecian sopha
Aye Aye this will do I think I have Diddled the fiat to some purpose now I shall spill him if I dont— bad luck to me
I for my part never saw any thing so handsome —I mean the Turkey Carpet
I know you do
This will do, & that will do, but dont do me out of my Money
*BRACKETED* , Po *BRACKETED* and Respec *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* , *BRACKETED* H *BRACKETED* nesis's *BRACKETED* E *BRACKETED* came Safe *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* , *BRACKETED* Have S *BRACKETED* n it *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* wz *BRACKETED* Friends on *BRACKETED* th, ro *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* glad *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* t *BRACKETED* T *BRACKETED* Is so good an Under *BRACKETED* ing *BRACKETED* tween us, & t *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* am *BRACKETED* ely *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* a *BRACKETED* ite *BRACKETED* low *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* am *BRACKETED* , you *BRACKETED* , *BRACKETED* Mon *BRACKETED* , *BRACKETED* am so *BRACKETED* v *BRACKETED* d *BRACKETED* in the *BRACKETED* ts of In *BRACKETED* n *BRACKETED* a *BRACKETED* on *BRACKETED* and *BRACKETED* im *BRACKETED* la *BRACKETED* on. t *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* De *BRACKETED* any *BRACKETED* , *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* may *BRACKETED* a *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* p *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* and *BRACKETED* in *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* fern *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* rt for my faithfull F *BRACKETED* ds w *BRACKETED* have So *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* nently Distinquish t *BRACKETED* selves b *BRACKETED* t *BRACKETED* attach *BRACKETED* t *BRACKETED* t *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* , witness My d *BRACKETED* abo *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* F *BRACKETED* d, Sr H *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* , w *BRACKETED* has act *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* ly *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* cited *BRACKETED* me *BRACKETED* Ready for t *BRACKETED* purpose, and *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* t *BRACKETED* he h *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* XEQte any Of *BRACKETED* H *BRACKETED* ness Most Hellish *BRACKETED* nds, He h *BRACKETED* guild the Malcon *BRACKETED* by a pre *BRACKETED* ded Try *BRACKETED* , *BRACKETED* am proud *BRACKETED* aprove of my T *BRACKETED* s, *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* will shortly re *BRACKETED* the *BRACKETED* in 2 *BRACKETED* t *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* Subjec *BRACKETED* on, & we Sh *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* the Day w *BRACKETED* the Freeborn Englishmen) sh *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* dare *BRACKETED* rep *BRACKETED* ne, butt Groan in Secret *BRACKETED* neath the G *BRACKETED* ing halter *BRACKETED* have the Honour *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* , *BRACKETED* most Devoted Serv *BRACKETED* London July 9 1779
if the cap fits, wear it.
£4700. 0. 0.
Dr. Malt
The Setting Sun - 1812
Dam-me Jack who Pays the Reckoning now
The Dutch my boy
Damn de French & Spaniards I vish ve had nothing to do vit dem for dis Jack English vil trim our hides most damnably
Hollands Gin
Perfidious Dutchmen now beware When e'er you treat with France For as they all can caper well It's we will make you dance
N° 20.......
I Promise to pay to Monsieur le Pap, alias the Pope, / or Bearer, Ten Roman Quatrini, when the Roman Catholic Faith / shall constitute the Established Religion of England, and when the / French Emperor shall, with all humility, Kiss the Great Toe of His Holiness / London, the 12th of August *BRACKETED* . / For Cardinal, Monk & Inquisitor, / Maria Crucifix *BRACKETED* . / Quatrini Ten / Entd Dominic Friar
Revns Ch 18 Her sins have reach'd unto Heaven
Rome, the Mother of the Abominations of the Earth, Is fallen
Bread 6d a Quartn
A New Song
Success to the Mills of Albion but no Albion Mills
A New Dance, as it was performed with Universal Applause, at the Theatre Blackfriars March 2d 1791
Fulpay Borough Interest
Success to the Peace Makers
Promotions
Claret
Half Pay Ingrata Patria
Small Beer
The Soldier - Tire'd of war
To the Commander in Cheif and Secretary of War - Under all Administrations. Gentm. You have been ever found callous to the Meritorious claims of Veteran Soldiers and remain heroically unmoved by their memorials unless accompanied by a Bribe to your Secretarys or a Vote in a dirty Borough In hopes that the pencil may Succeed where the pen has not these contrasted Situations are humbly inscribed to you by an Injured Miles
Bridget the Cook on Christmas day, When all was Mirth & Jollity, Was rudely kissed, by Saucy Joe; And that beneath the Mistletoe, But she returned it with the Ladle, And laid about, when he was Addle, For Maids are not to be thus taken And all their Virgin Honor shaken
These lords
Lords
What pleasant Dreams I have  OPEN>> had To-night! methought I was in Paradise, upon a bed of Violets & Roses,  OPEN>> and the sweetest Husband by my side! . . .
The Devil to pay: or, the Wives metamorphosed
Biog. Dram.
Public Jord *BRACKETED* open to all Parties
"Ten Thousand Transports wait  OPEN>> To crown my happy State,
"Then Jobson, now adieu,  OPEN>> Thy Cobbling still pursue,  OPEN>> For hence I will not, cannot, no, nor must not buckle to.
framing
General Advertiser
New Song
This is certainly the first instance of an accused Man sitting as Judge on his own Cause and requires particular attention.
The Man who ventured to hold forth such Malpractices, has rendered his Country service
His whole defence rests on the proof of his Partners & Clerk, & such Evidence should be cautiously trusted, they being interested
He has behaved so well to us that we must endeavour to bring him through, but the burning his Books is the greatest preventative
Such infamous overcharges besides 3500£ a year, deserves the severest punishment
We must be tender, we may be in the same situation at a future time, then this will appear as a precedent
He has much Money, that is what I deal in. I must be tender
I must carry appearances against him to please the Public
Bifrons
infra
Oh Heavens, what can we expect of the Man who burns his Books & denies his Affidavit?
The great overcharge on the 250: I Malt at Plymouth, should not escape our notice
You must instruct me for his Interest, I have a refreshing Fee for You
This damn'd Affidavit entirely oversets us! - But still we can't leave him
Kings Bench . . . C.A.
Upon my Honor & Reputation notwithstanding the Charges against me, I served them with Industry and Sometimes with Integrity
The getting him upon the Committee was a noble stroke, we can now leave out the Evidence that affects him, as we have a Majority
Letter, Scourge, W. Bennett, C. A.
Suppressing Evidence so material to the Enquiry & deliver'd by such unimpeachable Characters, must deserve Censure.
The Quibbles used by Bam *BRACKETED* are intended to tire out the Committee
The letter we gave him was intended to do him honour, & should have contented him after detection
The overcharges did not affect us, & I wish the Fellow damn'd that first made them public, I feel the loss of presents
A very decent account of overcharge in which he bot of one Person
Flour 1300 at Is, 826 at 2. 300 *BRACKETED* at 9, 10, 11 . . .
We did not dismiss or accuse him till an instance was clearly traced out & proved of his not having done Justice to the Crown
We thought him to be our confidential Servant
This Burning Books seems to be a concerted plan between his Lighterman & himself, to prevent detection, as every other Person in the Trade preserve theirs
What! more Frigasees? - why you sons o
In the foreground is Nelson, in profile to the left, his face bearing scars; from his pocket hangs a  OPEN>> List of French Ships Taken Burnt & destroy *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . His dish is  OPEN>> Fricassée à la Nelson
Fricando à la Howe
Desert à la Warren
Dutch Cheese *BRACKETED* à la Duncan
a la Gardiner
à la Bridport
à la Vincent
Nelson
Buonaparte in Egypt
True British Stout
Soup and Bouilli
Oh, Curse his Guts! he'll take a Chop at Us, next.
as now performing with great applause, by His Majesty's Servants . . . London: . . . Published *BRACKETED* by J. Onwhyn, 4, Catherine Street Strand, . . . Price Two Shillings. 1820.
Harloton
Fatty
Whitbreads \\ Intire. *BRACKETED* \\ 1806
Fuss
Tried and Aquitted by Th'Noble Lords
Secret Service Money
A New Song Sung by Harry Macqueery to the tune of an empty Barrel. \\ Allegro 1 It's a very strange thing when a man is in Place; And not let him finish his fortune with grace: But publish his actions Just like the Town cryer, The same as a Bellman was Whitbread's Intire 2 There is no man in office but has his best wishes, To have taste after taste of the Loaves and the Fishes; Whoever gets in, will soon learn the same fire Though as much of a Patriot as Whitbread's Intire, 3 No Statesman whatever will cause a dissention, If he has but a Place, or is promised a Pension: And soften'd by Thousands, will ne'er show his Ire; Even so would it be with Whitbread's Intire. 4 So as he's got nought for his labor and pains, I will leave the bold Brewer, to eat his own Grains: His beer it lacks Hops, and he's left in the Mire: State Brewing is different from Whitbreads: Intire. 5 I am still a great man, besides I am free: To sing to the auld Scotish tune, -  OPEN>> wha wants Me: And whoever besmears me, I'll call him a Liar; Was he great as the Famous Whitbread's Intire. 6 As I have been treated so very unfair, I'll go back to the Land where I first tasted air, - Or, I'll e'en get a Place, - If not I'll retire: From envious Courtiers and Whitbread's Intire
Malagrida
Drive you dog! Vite, Vite, I shall be too late, he'll alter his mind get away you Fellows you clog the Wheels charity begins at home.
Stop! I say Stop & take me with you!
What leave me behind, ha. your old Acquaintance.
What! What. What, are you off
Bravo - Johnny you never played better
But I say my Lads - Who is to pay the piper?
How strange, that you and I should ever disagree.
I told you I was right but you would not believe me.
Moldavia
*BRACKETED* es of Peace
Free trade of Bosphorus—Free Navigation of the Dardanelles—Freedom of Greece—Treaty of Ackermann confirmed— Fortresses on the Dan *BRACKETED* —10,000,000 Ducats
Bulgaria
Wallachia
Bosphorus
Sauce
St Sophia
Oh my back, my back I shall never be straight again.
Groan
Cyclops a Tragedy
Compress'd Typography
Swedenborg on Conjugal Love
B. Virga
*BRACKETED* ear St Mary
Routledge Barber
A Perspective view of Hertford College Oxford
Monstrum horrendum, informe, ingens, cui lumen ademptum
- de collo fistula pendet
fistula
Yorkshire Stingo
Gimcrack
13 Pence
Taxes
Republic War and Famine for Ever.
John Bull
Tax Servant Maids you brute, and starve poor Old Soldiers a fine Member of Parliament
Life in Paris
Go along with you I say this is the Parson for my Money
Aye but I tell you it will stand good besides the Rector will do it over again for us
You Rascal how dared you to Marry Us
Ah You Prophane Man how came you to Marry Us
To Barton
Committe *BRACKETED* Room
President's Chair
*BRACKETED* India Com *BRACKETED* ny's Charters
Rights & privileges . . . Honourable East India Company
List of Commissonor *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Under North's right arm is a large bundle of papers, some inscribed  OPEN>> 100000
000
I will direct ye
Dollars
Rupees
Lack
100000
Wall of Blockade
Soup Maigre
*BRACKETED* rt
cit
Now Master Boney we shall see which will hold out the longest, my Wall against yours- aye aye I can see you - I have left a peep hole - I believe you will be soon glad to change your Soup Meagre for my Roast Beef,.
Boney in a state of Blockade Gazette
The Roast Beef of Old England
Iohn Bull in a state of Blockade - Moniteur.
Ah Ca Ira *BRACKETED* . Napoleon wears his great feathered bicorne; his huge sabre leans against the wall. He says:  OPEN>> Who could have thought, that he would build a wall also- I really begin to think I had better have left him alone. - I some how dont relish my soup Meagre
Master Wybrants the Modern Hercules, who at the age of 4 Months weighed 39 pounds, measured 2 feet round the Body 15 Inches round the thigh and 8 Inches round the Arm to be seen at the corner of Sackville Street Piccadilly.
Sop
Place
Pension
Sinecure
Tax
Free-Trade
Corn Bill
What are you Growling about—you are never satisfied
I must put a stop to this
Bellerophon
le Linge de l'Empereur
vivent les Anglais,
O: Mr Bull I am so happy to see you I always had a great regard for the British sailors, they are such noble fellows so brave so generous!! you see I am in a great deal of trouble, but I hope you will take pity on me & my suite, namely my Barber, my Cook & my Washerwoman togather with a few of my brave generals who ran away with me from the Battle of Waterloo, and I do assure you we all feel great pleasure in surrendering to the good English-I should feel extremly *BRACKETED* obliged if you wd take us to America-but if you will not I beg you will take us to England for I hate those Bears & cursed Cossacks, & as for the French Nation now: why they may be D-d-Old England for ever I say.
Indeed Mr Boney I am greatly Obliged to you for your Complements & I assure you we are as happy to receive you as you are to surrender I'm afraid they would not take that care of you in America that they will in England therefore I shall conduct you to the latter place as quick as possible.
I say Jack do you think they'll clap him in Exeter  OPEN>> Change amongst Wild Beasts?!!
Warrant
Wigsby
Magna Charta
Tho small the Pow'r which Fortune grants, And few the gifts she sends us, The hardly *BRACKETED* hireling often wants That freedom which depends *BRACKETED* us, By Law secur'd from lawless strife, Our House is *BRACKETED* was our Castelum Thus blessed with all thats dear in Life For lucre shall we sell 'em, No! Ev'ry Britons song should be Or give me Death or Liberty
Whilst happy in my native Land, I boast my Country's Charter, I nee'r will basely lend a hand Her happiness to barter The noble mind is not at all By poverty degraded Tis guilt alone can make us fall And this I am pesuaded *BRACKETED* Each true born Britons song should be . . . *BRACKETED* .
Charges against Lord Gambier
Or give me Death or Liberty
------Ay, here  OPEN>> s the masculine to the feminine gender
As a Cedar Tall & Slender;  OPEN>> Sweet Cowslip's grace  OPEN>> Is her nom'tive case,  OPEN>> And she  OPEN>> s of the feminine gender.
The Invasion Plate 2d
Je vais le mettre en cage.
le lapin
A quel sauce me metterons t'ils *BRACKETED* .
A vous le Lapin.
9 P.; 9 Pounder
G.R. 12 Pounder
Academy
Morning Post
Morning Post
Puff
Mackbeth, Timon, Benidict, Richard, Hamlet, Werter
Ignorance \\ Impertinence \\ Coxcomity \\ Misconception \\ Raving. Ranting \\ Grinning. Snarling \\ Tortured Attitudes \\ Envy. Detraction
My Lords & Gentlemen—I am well satisfied with your Loyalty & Attachment, receive my thanks—& * Kiss my hand * it will be easy to guess what the other side m *BRACKETED* y Kiss!!—
may it please your Royal Highness We your most Loyal and Dutiful Subjects beg leave most humbly to assure your R—l Higness of our sincere Attachment & Loyalty, & our rediness to support your Rl Higss & the present Order of things.
Loyalty
Petition for Radical Reform presented by Hy Hunt Esqr
Petition for Radical Reform presented by Dr Watson
Westminster Petition for Reform Presented by Sir Francis -
City Petition for Reform Three Yards long
The Art of Killing two Birds with one Stone by F Fartardo
Political Hog Trough
Loyal-Petition of ye Noble and truely Independent-Hogs of Hampshire - Humbly shewing, that the Convention with Junot, was a cursed Humbug upon Old-England! - & that the Three damn'd Convention-Signers ought to be Hanged Drawn & Quarterd without Judge or Jury
Cobbett's Political Register
Cobbett's Register
Ignorance of the Ministry
Ignorance of the British Command
Ignorance of the Admiralty
Letter to Sir Rd Phillips
Letter to the Duke of York
State of the Army & Navy
Hog Trough
To the Free and Indepent Hogs of Hampshire
Pigs-Meat
The Botley Patriot & his Hogs for ever. - no chevaliers du bain
Given up to Junot. All the Plunder All the Horses. All the Arms. - O Diable! Diable
Due D'Abrantes Ratifying ye Convention
Triumph in Portugal - a new Catch to be Sung by the Hampshire Hogs - to the Tune of Three Jolly Boys all in a Row
Sir Hugh *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Sir Arthur *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Sir Harry *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . In the foreground *BRACKETED* a terrier barks furiously at the procession, its collar inscribed  OPEN>> Evening Post
NB The singularity of the Spectacle & the Largeness of the Object caused much mirth among the Ladies - Lady C------ *BRACKETED* Exclaimed with a Sigh oh it is too much for any Man!!
verklaring
G.R.
O Nord Nord
L. Nord King from London
Uytvinder van Heersch en baatzugt
good-natured Americans
insupportable ambition and covetousness
some English lords
Ombres Chinoises
Terror the Order of the Day
Astonishing effect
what a fine Effect
List of Cures
You must know Doctor I have got a bit of a Confusion on my larboard cheek from a chance shot, and as I dont think it of consequence enough for our Ship's surgeon, I bore down to you, after overhauling a long list of your cures - but I suppose front the messmate in the Cabin there, you dont always make a return of the Killed and Wounded?
Sir, my rule of practice is this, there is pen, ink, and paper, - sign a certificate of your cure, and I'll take you in hand immediately on paying down two Guineas!
The fat is in the fire!
Performed at the Theatre Royal, St. Stephens, completely damned. . . .
Captain Nosey
Schedule A
Dighton and Forrest . . . Messrs. Lumberland & Latherell
cit
Slough of Jordan
Curse him he has kick'd me off, take *BRACKETED* we shall be in the slough by G—.
Oh mine dear why you Tomble out make hase *BRACKETED* haste you get up again!
No! No! my dear this is the second fall I have had, I shall not venture a third time, so you must e'en ride without me!
Come up you lazy Animal why you are as sluggish as a Jack Ass! spur him up,—why the stupid Animal is totally ignorant of the honor done him, Aye and of the grandeur and brilliance we shall display.—beside Johnny its the Money we want not the Wives, consider the number of Bastards we have to keep,—.
Ah so you whip de Monies from Johnny Bull.
Curse the honor, the Brilliance, the Luxury, extravagance, the Debauchery and all the rest, give me but a little ease, and allow me to keep a little of my hard earnings, and then I will trudge on, but I cannot labour without Victuals, or pay without Money, t'is too much for any Animal to bear.
Conceit
Importance
Effrontery
I'll put it on! he will bear it, and more still.
New fasioned *BRACKETED* Loans
New export Duties
New Yachts
New Madhouses
New Palaces
New Streets
New Jails
New Churches
Here's our old Friend
You mean the Church, I suppose
Gout
Chilblains
Corns
Lightness
Head Ache
Stupor
Dizziness
Palsy
Ague
Sore Throat
St Vit. Dance
Asthma
Miss Grunt
T- Grunt
Im loaded with ev'ry disease, it is true.
Hold, Hold, Master Ford, tis enough for a Man of my Kidney.
I value not your size, your strength, nor Blood when.......stoop to deeds of infamy, their punishment should be proportionate.
Heaven guide him to my Husbands Cudgell; and the Devil guide his Cudgell afterwards!
Studies from the Life by Michael Angelo
To Hartford
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
virtuoso
for a description of an uncommon species of insect
Trial by Jury
Gentle Shepard *BRACKETED* I have lost.
Cock a doodle doo!!!
Owen Tudor's Pocket Pistol
Kill me and spare his Lordship!!
Cheese
Sung by Mr Smith, with Unbounded Applause, in the Rival Patriots, at Sadler's Wells.
Oatland
Oatland
"B—hg—m *BRACKETED* has the Ear of the House
. Four men sit in close conclave, knees together; their hats *BRACKETED* are piled on an adjacent table. The Duke of Buckingham says to Brougham:  OPEN>> Now is the time to give them a jog, you must thunder away at the Ministry
"Cousin of Buckingham, thou sage grave man
I can find words enough, but what the Devil shall we do for a little Argument
Oh!—why—talk of their incompetency its a Nice word— nothing specific—I!!! myself!!! shall say that even I!!! have no confideme in them
Thoughts on the Regency
le diable boiteux
Look at those fine public spirited Men;—do you think they are studying for the good of the Nation? No No they want the other party out & their own, in
Save himself who can
Ex-Officio
What! heels upwards Your Grace send for the L—d M-—or
Ah! no Police force will Stop this
I always liked Majorities till now
This is no joke its all up
Majority 29
Egalité
Nelsons Victory over the Fleet of the Republic
"What? our Fleet captur'd & destroy'd by the Slaves of Britain? \\ -  OPEN>> by my Sword & by holy Mahomet I swear eternal Vengeance! - yes, \\ -  OPEN>> when I have subjected Egypt, subdued the Arabs, the Druses & the Maronites; \\  OPEN>> become master of Syria, - turn'd the great River Euphrates, & saild upon it through \\  OPEN>> the sandy Desarts; compel'd to my assitance *BRACKETED* , the Bedouins, Tuscomans *BRACKETED* , Kurds, \\  OPEN>> Armenians, & Persians; form'd a Million of Cavalry, & pass'd them upon Rafts \\  OPEN>> six or Seven Hundred Miles over the Bosphorus, I shall enter Constantinople - \\ -  OPEN>> Now I enter the Theatre of Europe, I establish the Republic of Greece, \\  OPEN>> I raise Poland from its ruins, I make Prussia bend ye knee to France; - \\  OPEN>> I chain up the Russian Bear, I cut the Head from ye Imperial Eagle; \\  OPEN>> I drive the ferocious English from the Archipelago - I hunt them \\  OPEN>> from the Mediterranean, - & blot them out from the catalogue of \\  OPEN>> Nations! - Then shall the conquer'd Earth sue for Peace, \\  OPEN>> & an Obelisk be erected at Constantinople, inscribed \\  OPEN>> To Buanoparte *BRACKETED* Conqueror of the World, \\ & extirpater of the \\ English Nation.
les Dépéches, under his arm. Behind Bonaparte *BRACKETED* is part of a tent, of oriental type but decorated with tricolour. Beneath the title:  OPEN>> See, Buonaparte's Speech to the French Army at Cairo;published by authority of the Directory, in Volney's Letters
Verry Wholesome Jonny it is a little mixt to be sure with Horse Beans Barley bran stinking Rice &c - no Grumbling *BRACKETED* Jonny verry good.
Oh Billy Billy this D------d Composition Bread will be the death of - oh my guts another Gripe take it away & never let us see you more O O O very good is it.
Mother he certainly will be the death of us.
I Must send for a Doctor.
This is like themselves nothing more than tinsel!
Here they come Mother loaded with Honor.
Invincible Legion
Legion of Honor
Here we are my Dears you shall all belong to the Legion of Honor.
Invincible
Say's Humanity, Poet! your pen take & write, And to Boney a Valentine I will indite, It's done! and a volunteer Job. Instead of your Eagles may some bold Cossack! By a fortunate blow lay you flat on your back, And present to Miss Platoff your Nob
High
Low
boozing ken
Jack
Jack Ketch
Game
Here we are up, up, up And here we are down down down And here we'll swing backward & forward, And here we are fairly aground.
Madrid
Paris Paper
On the 3d ult° a Spanish Cabinet Courier through Bordeaux . . . conveying the most eminent Dentist in the world, to attend King Ferdinand!!!
beating sand
Runcorn
Wood Side
The Shop. N° 5.
The Graduation \\ Medicus Sum! Medicus Sum!! N° 6.
to be Continued
Tour
and we're a noddin nid nid, noddin. This Glasgow  OPEN>> noddy
To correspondents.
or 267 against little Joey—and his Shining Friend
Proceedings in the House Plate the Ist for 1831
Matchless
A humble Address to his M——y Praying that he would grant a general Pardon & Amnesty to the Rioters
No— No— No—
No
Aye
Matchless Blacking!!! none is genuine without the Signature of the maker Henry Hunt Esqre M P—
I mil have the Seals Dam-me
Damme if you Shall
I think Gentlemen you make me look very silly.
Have I for Britons felt such pangs, And made so many long harangues, And having graspt at last the Goose, Must I be made to let her loose? And must I see her golden joy Plac'd in the Bosom of a Boy, Unripe in Judgment, bold in prate, Unfit to wade the depths of State, To make us peace, or war to wage, There is not Judgment in your age. To lead the British Lion, Pitt, Thy youth's unseemly and unfit. I'll give you Sir a proof of this, You helpt to beg our present peace, When Monsieur scarce could keep his legs, Sure, you deserve no golden Eggs, To give the goose to such a lad, Enough to make a Fox run mad: I'll have the Goose I now declare, Or from a Fox, I'll turn a Bear.
Gently wise Sir, nor think your tongue, Must carry all things right or wrong. You say you'll have the Goose, But when? Possession's nine points out of ten: And now I've got her, fast I'll hold, Yes, pocket too the Eggs of Gold; Let who will call it getting Pelf, It's duty to my King, and self, You say you'll have the Goose again, Not surely Fox, in this Kings reign, But, be not overmuch perplext, You have a prospect in the next
The Party Quare *BRACKETED* in Council with their private but Grand Dictator hearkening to their resolves
The Civil List in Arrears
Treaty of Alli *BRACKETED* with France & Spa *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; the demon's claws clutch at the back of his head. On the king's r. stands Sandwich holding a paper inscribed  OPEN>> 20 Sail of the Line
J------n.
began to assume the airs of a minister...
Rights of the People of England
East India Affairs
Drolls
Written by Mr. T. Dibdin, and Sung with great Applause by Mr. Johnstone, in the Comedy of  OPEN>> Where to find a Friend
A more palatable East India Bill by W. Pitt
O my dear Country men look down See how I bestride your prostrate Enimy; I tread on Artfull Fox and all his Schemes
My Indian Schemes of wealth & I must fall, But that this Boy should ride me's Worst of all
The Lords have pull'd you down may the Lord raise you up again
India house
The Lords Prop
City of London Prop
wicham prop
A Song, tune an Ass in the Chaplet. 1 Ye Muses awhile come attend to my Pray'r That the words to the subject may fitt, While the Fox & the Badger are lost in dispair Let us raise up our Voices to Pitt to Pitt to Pitt &c. 2 How finely Fox humbug'd the Westminsts'r geese, With a deal of palaver & wit, Yet all his designs were the Nation to fleece, But at last he fell in to a Pitt. a Pitt a Pitt &c. 3 The India reform was a notable plan Yet the taste of the Lords did not hit His Schemes they despis'd & detested the man Who now has made room for a Pitt a Pitt, a Pitt, &c. 4 If Brittons were wise & their own good could see What is for their happiness fit To preside at the helm who better can be Than Chatham's descendant a Pitt a Pitt a Pitt &c. 5 The name in itself has a magical sound All Europe rembers it yet When Conquest & Glory Beam'd widely aroud Thro
A Policy 25 P Ct On the Chr D'Eon Man, or Woman,
Lettres du Chr D'Eon
L'Hist. du Chr D'Eon
Outlines of the Opposition...
Watch Word Peace
Outlines \\ of the \\ Opposition \\ in 1795 \\ collected from the Works \\ of the most capital Jacobin Artists \\  OPEN>>  They speak Peace to their \\ Neighbours, but Mischief is in their hearts, they devise deceiful \\ Things against them that are quiet \\ in the Land  OPEN>>  Psalms
Rights of Man
unknown tongues
**********! **********!!!
Hearken unto the manifestations and the Ministers Interpretation thereof—therefore  OPEN>> Put your Houses in order and prepare ye for the Coming Storm
Repent—Reform ye transit=tory mortals for the day of Judgment is at hand
This is Awful
How do you feel P—I? I begin to repent a little
I have repented long since still I cant help thinking *BRACKETED* that there is a good deal of delusion not to say humbug at the bottom of this
The Louse
the Bear
Oxford Magazine
Néant
Le Fer et le Feu
Religion
humanité
honneur
justice
Albion
Common Place
Gall
Moses an Impostor the prophets old Cloaths Men of Judæa Warburton a fool Dr Percy a Liar Warton an infamous Liar a pipeer *BRACKETED* better than a parson
The Atheist's pocket Companion.
Dr Percy's Antient Balla *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . his feet is a large open book; on one page is a half length portrait of Thomas Warton stabbed through with a knife and fork; on the other,  OPEN>> History of English Poetry
Bill of Fare \\ Nettle Soup \\ Sour Crout \\ Horse Beans \\ Onions Leeks
Abstinence from animal Food a moral duty
The Bible
Old Romances
Impiger iracundus, inexorabilis acer *BRACKETED* Βλακγαρδος ςκνρριλος Γρανινεροςq3 macer Fierce meagre pale no Commentator's friend. Purs. Lit. *BRACKETED* . T. J. Mathias,  OPEN>> Pursuits of Literature
Spirited \\ Benn \\ In \\ Gin
Bux-Oven
A Batch of Real French Bread.
Mew
Rat
I am determined to Beat these brutes in spite of their Teeth
Poles on French Palisades
The Election Ball
Powder Magazine
I assure you *BRACKETED* on my Honour!! all I say is true, I know a great deal more, but cannot think of it at Present!!!
I belive all you say and more too!
When Misse know more I shall.
She is a Wapping Landlady.
Army for taken *BRACKETED* the Bank & Tower
Dr Watson's Morter
Evans's Gallowses
opium
No doubt this Ship was intended to convey Buanaparte from Sl Helena *BRACKETED* .
D—m this Glass it do not Magnify half big enough.
Gagging Bill
Lord! what a Monstrous Morter the Regent Bomb *BRACKETED* is nothing to compare to it.
Oh what a dreadful sight.
Green Bag
Spencean Plan
the History of Jack The Giant Killer
Dry Champain
Claret
Burgundy
a kind of circular buffet . . . lined by festoons and antique draperies of pink and silver
Why Odd Zookers this is marvellous fine indeed. Oh Nan how we should relish a rasher on one of they monstracious beautifull Plates, why now I think I shan't grumble to pay three or four Bank Tokens *BRACKETED* towards this grand treat—methinks I should Just like a nippikin too.
Oh John one of our milk white Chickens roasted by myself by our wood fire would be Luscioscious indeed.
La Feather do zee how they gilded Fishes be stareing at yow.
I say Sue I thinks I should not like that dry Shampain, but a Dobbin of our home brewed in that there gilded gold thing would be dreadfully noice indeed
Dang it if the top 0 the pleace beant all Eel pottles I'll be hang'd
Bishopsgate Stre *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  inscribed  OPEN>> Cabinet of Caput Coverings
Pro bono Patriae
I'll support you
OPEN>> Parce puer stimulis et fortitur utere loris.
The four horses gallop *BRACKETED* down hill, negligently driven by Grey, the coachman; the passenger, William IV, looks anxiously from the window of the  OPEN>> Reform
Grey & Co.
They seem to be getting a little unruly
Never fear! They'll stop when they reach the bottom
You are pretty fellows to throw away your drag chain when you ought to have your wheel locked
Hollo! Old friend you won't do for us-you can't drive our pace-blow me if that's not the man as us'd to drive the Sovereign
We'll make you a present of it old Boy, we want no drags nor clogs of any sort upon our wheels
That's a cheil of the auld School. He hasn't yet received the light of modern Feelosophy
Hurra! Boys-This is what I call going along Oh! you know how to travel in England I wish I could set up such a Coach in Old Ireland
—Dedicated to the worthy President—Sir Joseph Banks having a Cask of Wine rather too sweet for use, he directed that it shod be placed in a Cellar that the Saccharine matter it contain'd might be more perfectly decomposed by age—At the end of three years he directed his Butler to ascertain the state of the Wine, when on attempting to open the Cellar door he was prevented by some powerful obstacle—the Door was therefore cut down & the Cellar was found to be completely fill'd with a firm fungus vegetable production—the Cask was Empty & carried up to the deling where it was supported by the surface of the Fungus.— *BRACKETED* .
here's a pretty  OPEN>> Tale of a tub, all the Wine's gone!!
It is a most Glorious discovery cut it down & send it to the Museum had the Wine been Bottled, it wod not have been half so Interesting.
Curious Tinta
Cypress
Very Curious
Wine drank by the Grt Mogul
Nile Water
Water from Tombuctoo
A small portion of the Sabine left by Horace at his death contained in this Vase preserved for dinners of the R S
The Champion of liberty, is worsted by the Knight La Mancha, who with the Knights of St George were to Assemble at Windsor, resolves there to publish the peerless Beauty and rare Virtue of Miss D'Eon, Queen of Amazons, and dare to single Combat any Knight who should be hardy enough to gainsay it. His Entry was Marshal'd in the following Manner, first came her Majesty's Sage of the Law beating kettle Drums, types of his Profession, next followed the Queen drawn by her Wine-Merchant in a Vehicle known at Paris by the Name of Brouette, *BRACKETED* by the side Marched Sancho bearing the Infant Prince in his Cradle, and last advanced the renowned & valourous Don Quixote
cit
Sweet William
John-Quill
Mary-Gold
Narcissus
Dandy-lion
Cow-slip
Here I go up up up and there you go Down Down Downy The game it is pretty well up, and so you must fall to the Grouny!
What a way for to serve your own Sweety, how could you vex your own Deary If you had not thrown me quite down, you'd have had your 4 hundred a Yeary.
Ovid art of Love
Love Letters
for further particulars inquire within
Account of Debts Gloucester
To Col Wardle
Coalition
Balance continentale
je suis fondu de moitié
Vaincre ou fuir
je me croyais plus lourd.
Prusse
Goddam Vla nos guinées f. . .  OPEN>> . Below the design:  OPEN>> Résultat de la Journée dite des trois Empereurs, Gagnée par Sa Majesté Napoleon, le jour du Ier Anniversaire de son couronnement
O its a delightful operation! - I fell *BRACKETED* the Citizenship oozing out at my fingers ends! - let all the family be plentifully supplied! - Carry up a Bucket full to the Empress immediately!!!
I am going up with it directly please your Majesty.
Royal Tiger
To St James's
Gold du *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* . A lozenge-shaped diamond is placed on his crown which is inscribed  OPEN>> mon. droit
To their High Mig &c. . .  OPEN>> . *BRACKETED* He is saying to Fox,  OPEN>> The King Your Master proceeding so arbitrary, obliged me to join the powers at war with him; I cannot therefore treat of a separate peace
My Fox in this negotiation thou art a mistaken goose
Imperial Loan
£2000000
ah - I ken the money bags - it will do - it will do - they are camming they are comming
Subscription Book For the preservation of our Places, our pensions our Candle ends - our Cheese paring our Bishoprics - our Rectories - our Grandmothers Our Wives our Sisters &c &c &c &c &c &c &c &c By Penny Post from the west } - 200-000 end of the Town On the other page *BRACKETED* is  OPEN>> Ld Fitz . . 10,000 Per ann.
10,000
500
30
Borough Remonstrance
Will he bleed? if he dont I'll prick him again
cant afford it, I tell you - cant afford it, allways some new fangled nonsense or another - I wish you would let us be at Peace and Quietness.
Mum! - a good draw! - soon come back - look well in the list.
Quiberon
Toulon
Dunkirk Races
Plan of Starving the French
O! my poor wife and Children! Murder Murder!!!
Ha Ha, Johnny your not half grown down yet.
By Royal Authority
What! What, what does he cry out already why hes not half grown down yet!
20 shilling Notes, 20 shilling
20
For the People
Specie for our own use
Specie for Wimbledon
The Ton
. . . finding I could neither go nor stand, I walked away, and ran home as fast as possible
Instructor
Gaelic Pocket Bibles. Diamond Type
Scribe
Wallachian Apocryphal Bibles, canon Type
Brownie
"Why Sir when I look to the Bible, I see no difference between a patrician & plebein *BRACKETED* repentance
What a husteron-proteron, higgleday-piggleday harangue. A speech of shreds & patches: now  OPEN>> a little bit applied to what he hears from a platform; and then a little bit applied to what he |  OPEN>> expected to hear from it. His debate shakes him from head to foot; & the folios which he \\  OPEN>> holds in his hand also partake of the emotion, and operate so much in the manner of \\  OPEN>> a fan, that I dare say the ladies & gentlemen in his neighbourhood enjoy a most
refreshing breeze.
The Cloud of Witnesses
B—n, C—r., *BRACKETED* . Page 22
I Christian Gents. \\ II No Gaelic Bibles | III Send Apocryphal one to Wala
scribe
"Dryou are confessedly a formidabe assailent *BRACKETED* in many \\  OPEN>> respects,—To your Master you stand or fall: what you have \\  OPEN>> stated of me is not true, but is the reverse of Truth,-—/ hold \\  OPEN>> this as a surer record of what I said at the meeting, than your memory or mine can be.
This
Sure Record
Corrected Ex Post Facto
You ask the London Committee to acknowledge their Error and express their regret for it, but remark they are gentlemen, & that you cannot reasonably expect gent
Would you have been gratified by such a melancholy degradation of Christian men or wd you have thought them better qualified at home or more respected abroad by such degradation
Your ideas are wandering and confused!  OPEN>> I lose no time in giving the statement you have made, \\  OPEN>> my most unqualified denial. I should have certainly expected that the ordinary rules of |  OPEN>> delicacy & decorum, as well as fairness & candour would have dictated the propriety of pre:  OPEN>>  viously comunicating *BRACKETED* with me on the subject; for the purpose of ascertaining the accuracy |  OPEN>> of what you proposed to publish. Begone! you are no more worthy of being my friend.
Commissory Court—Action of Declarator
"I never understood the Colonel to put such a question to me, of the one referred to
I'm well out of that scrape, and, I wish Anglicana would allow me to keep out of it. At all events whatever I say will be under the rose, I do not like open warfare
Brownie
Ma conscience! They'l no leave the shadow in truth within him among them. The beau ideal *BRACKETED* should stand up for him
God save the King
v Tom Paine and Priestley are More base and desp'rate far, Than vile Jack Cade, He for reform did cry; They for equality Wou'd stain true liberty, With British blood
Whoever confides in his friendship will find But a sorry return for their faith in his mind
The Turberlent Mr Fight-all
The Hoñble Mr Tax-all
The Worshipfull Mr Take-all
Liberty
Equality & Fraternity
The Current of public Opinion
Loyalty
The Stanhope
Highlands
150 Millions
Commons
Kings
Lords
It is easily overturned. Shakespeare
Pidcock's Grand Menagerie
This surprising Animal was taken by John Bull and his Allies...
Russia &c.
he thought he  OPEN>> coud
But Bull and Co. coming up with him by break of day, compelled him to surrender, and transported him to Hell Bay, *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  The asterisk in the title refers to a note:  OPEN>> Anagram upon Buonaparte's name. On his attempting to steal the crown, &c.  OPEN>> Bona rapta pone leno.
Deceptions
The First Twenty-seven Verses of the 14th Chapter of Isaiah
Pinchee on Snuffers
king's friend
Ode to Mr. Pinchbeck upon his newly invented candle-snuffers
This is Boreas; he'll make an excellent pair of Bellows Old Boy
Pandaemoniu *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , towards flames and smoke. A demon *BRACKETED* , clad in a pair of breeches, runs towards the door holding on his shoulders Sandwich and Germain *BRACKETED* tied back to back, Sackville underneath looking over the demon's back; he holds in his right hand a broken sword, in his left a  OPEN>> Pla *BRACKETED* of Minden
Wee'r sailing in a damn'd hot Latitude
Wisdom of Solomon
Tax on Income
Give all thou cans't \\ And let me dream the rest;
Man wants but little here below, \\ Nor wants that little long!
Fortunatus's Purse
Wishing Cap
Value \\ Above what you are Worth \\ Nothing
Blessed is he that expecteth nothing. - for he shall not be disappointed
Universal Suffrage
Religious Freedom
Rights of Man
Age of Reason
Mr Bull's two legs, Church &—State
To be entombed in the Vaults of St Stephens Chapel
Opiate Mr Bull
Sudorific
Mr Bull, you have lived too well, but when we have renovated your Constitution according to our plan the reform will be so Complete—!, that you will never be troubled with any fulness whatsoever!
Maybe, Gentlemen, but you have taken all the honest good blood out of my veins; deprived me of my real Supporters & stuck two bad props in their place. & if yougo on thus, I shall die before ever my Constitution can be improved—
Liberty
False Promises
Reformers Opinions
Mistaken Security—
Mistaken Confidence
Never mind Mr Bull; if we have thought it necessary to take off both your legs you will find the others very good substitutes, this Revolutionary Bolus and decoction of disloyalty, are very harmless but they will restore the general equality of the intestines & remove any obstruction which may prevent us from effecting a Radical Reform in the System.
Burdett's Mixture
Hobhouse's Newgate Proof
Purity
Whitbreads Entire
Old Bailey Drops
Dr Watsons white+ Comfort.
Cobbetts Hellebore Ratsbane; Woolers Black Drops
Cartwrights Universal Grease
Hunts Powders
Mafoi I tink I may succeed here as in France.
To de Radicaux
A Messrs Liberaux
Vivnt *BRACKETED* Rex *BRACKETED* Populu . . .
I like the Author very much - took him for a Jacobin - no such thing - quite a different man - brim full of loyalty - I'll certainly come again!!
Stand away there, don't stop up the passage you pack of Jacobin Rascals
Guadeloupe
Martinique
St Domingo
Cape of Good Hope
Egypt
Malta
All! - all! - you Jean F-t-e! - think yourself well off that I leave you Great Britain!!!
Pray do not insist upon Malta! - I shall certainly be turned out! and I have got a great many Cousins and Uncles & Aunts, to provide for, yet!
My General, you had better not get him turn'd out - for we shall not be able to humbug them any more.
Deutschland
Wer Congress
Friede
Sicherheit des Eigenthums. Unverletztes Recht der Menschheit. Flor der Wissenschaften und Künste. Freude, Gesundheit, Wohlergehn. Bürger- und Familienglück
Europa Asien, Afrika, Amerika
Deutschland
Vorsehung
Gerechtigkeit
R
P
E
O
N
Elba
Liberty
Poisonous Drugs
Death
XX
Penny Subscription
Liberty or Death
Radical Breakfast Powder
Busy Body
I will uphold the Brunswick line! / I will support the Throne!
I will assist thee! / most illustrious Prince.
Yes Yes! we'll support Father; / we'll keep up the line of Brunswick, never fear us.
Losing the Reins
Public Opinion
D—K
C.H.
We've lost our Seat Bob through this Ass of a Mayor *BRACKETED* & this Stupid Old Hunter
I wish we'd had nothing to do with these Cits *BRACKETED* Tits
I suppose we shall go next
Downing Street
Parliament Street
Recepisse
Prerogative
Veluti in Speculum
Independent States of America
profil perdu
O Tempora O Mores
Bravo, Bravo
only three-score
For the bullets and the gout have so knocked your hull about...
Droll
Hamlet. Act Vth Scene a Church-yard. Enter two Clowns with spades.
Here's fine revolution and *BRACKETED* we had the trick to see it.
Come take off the Orange Peel *BRACKETED* quickly, I can't get on without you.
I'll change my self before you can say Jack Robinson.
To Hanover
Constitution 1829
Magna Charta
Bill of Rights
Oh! dear! Oh! dear, what will become of Mrs Bull, & all my little Bulls?— We shall have nothing but the Popes Bulls. Oh my—
St Pauls now St Patricks
Och! my darling you have done the job. fal lal la!!
Huzza! Huzza! Ould Ireland for ever! Huzza!!!
St Patrick day in the morning!! Och! my Darlings!
Blanco *BRACKETED* Black is White
MP
PM
save the Candle ends and the chees parings
Kill him off Kill him off
Yes he shall feel the Courage of the English Bull Dogs
I say perish Commerce War for ever ha
Aye he is a Friend to Bull baiting and he shall have a good Badgering
Crape
Gauze
Shawl
Stur
Bull baiting a rational Amusement
War an advantage to the Nation
War
Mont St Jean
Disparais
Leipsic
Moskou
Espagne
Egypte
Rien
Bellerophon
Ile St helene
Tom Paine to be seen alive
The Monstrous Craws to be seen here at 2d Pie *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* , and, larger than the others,  OPEN>> The London Pad to be seen Here at 6d a Piece
Scourge
Wonders! Wonders.
Administering a Mild antidote to Starvation! ! !—
New Taxes
*BRACKETED* on Shops
on. . . on Houses
. . . Batchelors
Cuts on Manufactory
I think this will melt him now.
Corn Bill
No Corn Bill no, no.
No compulsion Johnny but you must.
1s. 6d
On the gret Utility of Petitiong Parliament
Petition agst Corn Bill
Magna Charta
Bill of Rights
Waste Paper Dirty Parchment &c &c
Cochrane and Brooshooft or a return to quarters!!!—N° 2
* by Mistake these Subjects are Misplaced, N° 2 preceeding N° 1
Snuff
Balls
Powder
See the Conquering Hero comes.
To Ellenborough Castle
To New Bedlam
N° 1 An if & a Butt or how to Escape—
Cockruns Intire
Rowly Powly Gammon & Spinage *BRACKETED* I'm off says Anthony Rowly.
The Lyon & the Unicorn fighting for the Crown—&c—
Tyrant, Usurper thy time is come thy blood shall expiate thy crimes.
Yeild Bourbon. the Throne is mine Mine by Treachery & broken Faith fly then to Elba. do you not tremble at yon grim Monster whose Bloody Jaws are open to receive you.
Gentlemen you will have the goodness to settle your own private disputes—one of you must have the Throne but I must have the other.
Huzza Boney for Ever.
Vive l'Empereur,
Vive le Roi.
Vive les Bourbons.
Pam
I'm going to Hastings give me some Sterling No Tokens.
Let Us Pray,
Honestly if you Can?!!—but get Money.
Try if Brandy won't save you.
The Last Will & Testement *BRACKETED* of Pam
Statutes
Spell that again Sirrah or I'll teach you Law with a vengeance
If I can
L--A--W-- Law!
Rubbish
Holland
Belgium
Antwerp
a lady gay
When the Captain com'd for to hear on't He werry much applauded her for what she'd done, And quickly he made her the first Lieutenant, Of the Gallant - Thunder Bomb
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
particular characters
Commercial Treaty
Fawning-Billy
Treasurer Navy
At. Gen
Sol. G.
My Lord Duke, you have come to the wrong barge—all here are against you
Well if all here, are against me,—all these are against you
There, John! - there! there they are! - I see them - get your Arms ready, John! - they're Rising & coming upon us from all parts; - there! - theres Ten Thousand sans-Culottes now on their passage! - & there! look on the other side, the Scotch have caught the Itch too; and the Wild-Irish have begun to pull off their Breeches! - what will become of us John? - & see, there's Five Hundred Disputing-Clubs, with bloody Mouths; - & Twenty Thousand Bill-stickers with Ca ira pasted on the front of their Red-Caps ! - where's the Lord Mayor John ? - are the Lions safe ? - down with the Book-stalls! - blow up the Gin-shops! - cut off the Printers Ears! - O Lord John! - O Lord! - we're all ruined! - they'l Murder us, and make us into Aristocrat Pyes!
Aristocrat Pyes ? - Lord defend us! - Wounds, Measter, you frighten a poor honest simple Fellow out of his wits! - Gin-Shops & Printers-Ears! - & Bloody-Clubs & Lord Mayors! - and Wild-Irishmen without Breeches, & Sans-Culottes! Lord have mercy upon our Wives & Daughters! - And yet, I'll be shot, if I can see any thing myself, but a few Geese, gabbling together - But Lord help my silly head, how should, such a Clod-pole as I, be able to see any thing Right ? - I dont know what occasion for I to see at all, for that matter; - why Measter does all that for I, - my business is only to Fire when & where Measter orders, & to pay for the Gunpowder; - but Measter o
Vive la Liberte
God save the King
Rights of Man
Pennyworth of Truth
One Pennyworth of Truth, from Thomas Bull to his Brother John
Parl. Hist.
Hist. MSS. Comm., Kenyon MSS.
"Thus on the Rock, heroic Manlius stood,  OPEN>> Spy'd out the Geese, & prov'd Rome's guardian God
Rambler's Magazine
Hoyle
Title Deeds
E . M. ∆.
cit
Cobbett's Political Register
No matter! no matter! no matter
The Road to Ruin
Angels and Ministers of grace defend us, brings't thou with thee Airs from Heaven or Blasts from Hell
Come that's a good one my Swell! bring Aris from Heaven, No! No! he's safe in his Bed, but I've brought the Keys, so the sooner we're off the better for the Watchmen are only engaged to sleep for an hour, and as you say there will be a Hell of a breeze when the Dons find we are off! I hope you won't be ashamed of me for I'm only a Housebreaker!!!
Come make Haste my Lads be Off I can't Sleep much longer
*BRACKETED* & Anchor
Pray pity the poor Galilcan *BRACKETED* undone by French Affairs.
Oh! A heart of Stone would melt at the misfortunes of my Life - How I was cast away aboard the Portland East Indiaman - How I have since been buffeted about by adverse winds in the Republic - How I have been scarce able to keep head above water in Brooks - How I was stranded with a French Cargo - and lost most of my Crew in Constitution Bay and now left to starve but for sweet Charity.
Resurrection of Pitt!! An Account of the Appearance of a Mysterious Figure, solemnly asserted by Francis Murray, of Lambeth, to be . . . William Pitt, ...
List! Oh List!!
ha ha ha.
Whitbread's Intire
Mr Murr *BRACKETED* . . . Pitt.... Pitt Pitt Toes . . .Sam *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  and says:  OPEN>> It is not Mr Pitt—He is thin & wears Leather Breeches & in these circumstances alone resembles Mr Pitt—His features are not like Mr Pitt his Complexion is not like Mr Pitt his Hair is not like Mr Pitt—his Limbs are not like Mr Pitt—his Feet are not like Mr Pitt—& he is not so tall as Mr Pitt—Upon my Oath he is not Mr Pitt.
But I say 'tis Mr Pitt I'll be d—d if it is-n't.
I never read of a Ghost appearing in Leather Breeches.
It would be very immodest of the Heaven born Minister if he appeared without Breeches.
Reign'd—50—Years, A Royal Jubilee
Treasury
THE FOXONIN STAR. This is the Grand Polar Star, - in every storm and tempest Seamen turn towards him to enquire into their latitude.
THE SHERRY-ONIAN STAR. He is of great mgnitude *BRACKETED* in the scale and is continually looking towards the Dog Star.
The Carlonian Star newly discover'd *BRACKETED* . Tierney is  OPEN>> THE TIERNEYAN STAR. This Star makes his progress once in seven years round the Borough Star
Borough
PITTONIAN STAR a star of the first magnitude - he turns continually round the brillant *BRACKETED* star called the Georgium Sidus - from which he is repell'd by a centrifugal motion - it is principally at the Stock-Exchange or St Stephens Chapel that a due observation may be taken of him.
CANNINGIAN STAR. He describes a diurnal revolution round himself and an annual revolution round the Pittonian Star - he is the smallest of all the political Stars - it requires an excellent telescope to discover him - he is continually lost in the rays of the Grenvillian and Pittonian Stars
THE ADDINGTONIAN star. He is turning continually round every other star, let him approach the least towards the Canningian star, the Foxonian or even the smallest planet he is carried away by their motion - The Pittonian Star exerts over him the influence of the Moon which possesses the power of raising or lowering the tides - this Star is rapidly approaching to an Eclipse.
THE DUNDASIAD STAR. He describes his diurnal revolution round France, and his annual round the world, it is in Scotland and in India, that you make take the best observation of him, he is labouring under an Eclipse, but it is still expected that he will reappear
the HAWKSBERIAN STAR. This is a star of much brilliancy but shines only with a borrowed light - Astronomers have hitherto been puzzled to describe Ms course, it seems to be liable to continual Aberrations.
War! War War.
THE WINDHAMERIAN STAR. He belonged to the Burkean constellation which ws disappear'd - this is a most Eccentric planet and partakes of the Nature of the Comet Astronomers are strongly of Opinion - that if he be not closely confined to his Orbit, he must end in the destruction of the world
Mother Louse
Louse Hall
Three lice passant
Portraits, Memoirs, and Characters of remarkable Persons, from the Reign of Edward III to the Revolution
Ha Ha Ha I Can't help Laughing, No No nor You For Every Body Laughs at Worstead Stockings Mi . .l, ye Acknowledged Coward What! retreat at Noon Day & Suffer him Self to be Caned thus in ye heart of ye City of London O Terrible! a Merchant too & a Patriot A disgrace to ye Names ha ha ha he he he keep it Up My Dear Boy keep it up *BRACKETED* Dedicatd to Every Soul that has a Spark of Fire in him in College or Out by their Humble Servant Brother Bamboo. P.S. If this Modest Patriot return ye Complement ye Public will be favod with a Companion to this Print. A coward O dreadfull buy & stick it up for ye joke sake. Price only 1 shilling
Say no more about the Coronation child, I have my particular reasons for not going to it
with the puffing out of the little farthing Rush-light, & ye story of Moll Coggin.
Whiskey
-  OPEN>> Oh, my Lords, a Man who walks Erect, like me, can plainly discover, that \\  OPEN>> the Tyranny of the Curfew, is revived in its full extent in the North of Ireland; \\  OPEN>> I see the Lights & Fires in all the Houses, extinguish'd by 9 0'Clock, & the \\  OPEN>> whole body of United-Irishmen obliged to find their way to bed in the \\  OPEN>> dark! - ah, my Lords! there's one case, which I plainly beheld, of the \\  OPEN>> horrors attending on the vile system of Coercion; - see, see, how the bar- \\  OPEN>> barous Soldiery are putting out the Candle in a Home where a Child has \\  OPEN>> just taken ill of convulsive fits in the houping Cough; - look how the unhappy \\  OPEN>> Father rightemonstrates against the cruel order, don't you see, my Lords, how \\  OPEN>> the distracted Mother on her knees, requests permission to continue the \\  OPEN>> Rush Light? - do you think my Lords, that all this scene of Distress \\  OPEN>> is merely the Chimera of my own disorder'd Ideas? or that my Intellects \\  OPEN>> are disorganis'd because ye Moon's at the full? - ah, no! - if you have any \\  OPEN>> perception, do but look & be convinced of the truth; behold how the feel \\  OPEN>> -ing & pathetic remonstrance of the Parent is rejected, the house is \\  OPEN>> broken into, & the Rush-light blown out! - O cruel & barbarous Insult!!! \\  OPEN>> O Ireland! Ireland! - unhappy Country! what \\  OPEN>> oppressions art thou doom'd to suffer, Irish Men \\  OPEN>> dragged to Goal only for keeping Daggers in \\  OPEN>> their Houses to defend themselves; & Impri- \\  OPEN>> soned, Picketed & Shot, merely because assas- \\ -"sinating Soldiers were found Hock'd, or \\  OPEN>> drowned in the Liffey! - Irish Women torn \\  OPEN>> from their families, & Ravish'd to gratify Bri- \\  OPEN>> -tish Sensuality! - & Irish Children devour'd \\  OPEN>> alive, to satisfy their carnivorous appetites!!! \\  OPEN>>  - will any one deny this statement, my Lords? \\  OPEN>> or controvert the facts which I have seen with \\  OPEN>> my own Eyes? - why, the incredulous might as \\  OPEN>> well deny the existance of Moll Coggin, \\  OPEN>> the celebrated Irish-Enchantress, with whom \\  OPEN>> my Father, as well as myself, have had such \\  OPEN>> frequent Conversations; - as well, my Lords, my having seen her rightiding \\  OPEN>> upon a Black-Ram, with a Blue Tail; or that when I endeavoured to Fire at her \\  OPEN>> that ye Gun melted in my hand into a clear Jelly: - the noble Lords may Laugh, \\  OPEN>> but I declare ye facts upon my Veracity, - &, that I pursued this fiend, into my \\  OPEN>> Ale cellar, where she rode instantly into the bung-hole of a beer-barrel: some \\  OPEN>> time after, my servants found the Ale full of Blue hairs, I was not surprised, as I \\  OPEN>> knew, that the blue hairs were the hairs of the Ram's blue Tail: - noble Lords may \\  OPEN>> stare, but the fact is as I relate it - this Moll Coggin, was the fiend who raised the Oak- \\ -"boys to Rebellion: - I was also acquainted with the two Cow boys, mention'd by my Father, \\  OPEN>> they were my Tenants, & were certainly endowed with supernatural powers, I have \\  OPEN>> known one of them Tear up by the roots, an Oak, two hundred foot high, & bear it up - \\  OPEN>> -right on his head four Miles; his party were on that account called Oak-boys: - \\  OPEN>> noble Lords may Laugh, but I speak from certain knowledge, ye Oak Tree grew in \\  OPEN>> my Garden, & I have often seen five hundred Swans perching on its boughs: these \\  OPEN>> Swans were very remarkable for devouring all the Snipes of ye Country, they flew \\  OPEN>> faster than any Snipe I ever saw, & the Snipes could not resist their Talons: - I hope my Lords \\  OPEN>> you will excuse this digression, &c &c &c------
He had it from his Father, who would tell you Fifty in a breath - ay, & tell them, - 'till he believ'd them all himself
Leo—1st
*BRACKETED*  OPEN>> Nay! Nay my darling boy, Mama forgive, On you my hopes are fix'd! for you I live; Your Sister Hetty is a forward Slut, And does she dare to make my boy her butt; Fine goings on, shame, shame, the naughty wench, To grieve brave  OPEN>> Tony, Arm'd to fight the French
Nock him down call me Insignificant little fellow out with him
Acts of Parliment
D—nme but I will speak Jack Fuller cares for no whig Block in the Kingdom
Come along my bantam Cock you must keep gale Jones Company
Minogoat
Gazeter
London Spy
Morning Her *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> London Chronicle
London Gaz *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , A dwarfish newsboy stands in front of the counter blowing his horn, and offering him the  OPEN>> Morning Post
Come & purchase poor Taff's dainty cakes & fine Fruit, Hur will give you Lies, Noise, News & Nonsense to boot.
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Merit
Exit
D--mn the Navy, Give me t'ther Glee
How merrily we live
Catchs Glees
Budg *BRACKETED*
R--by *BRACKETED* in the Character of Bobadil
I would he were in the Bottomless Pit.
Last Journals
Parliamentary Hist.
Dick Rugby *BRACKETED* Stand Close
Jeffry Barebones *BRACKETED* , this is worse than Minden.
Shake off this Indolence
Wheres your Navy, wheres your Islands
Wont even Destruction move ye
Curs'd be those men who owe their Greatness to their Countrys Ruin
The Temple of Fame, formerly the Wonder of the World, but now in Ruins
America
Rh . . . de Island
St. Kitts
Tobago
Eustatius
Nevis
Dominique
St. Vincents
Grenadoes
Minorca
Corr. of George III
Gibraltar
Jamaica Barbadoes
Gibraltar
Brother our Work is near Over
Geo Secundus
Hawke
Saunders
Boscawen
Pocock
Quebec
Portobello
Havannah
Belle-Isle
Martinique
Egad Sawney wed better gang
The mightiest Hunter I
4d
The Royal Present
Och ye Powers!! - Murtoch Delany Murtoch Delany!! - did you ever think you would arrive at this Honor!
From Liverpool
Map of Spain & Portugal
Madrid
Spain
Notary Public Bayonne
Why Joseph wither art thou going
Whither - but to fill my high destiny? And like my noble Brother Sway tne Sceptre of another.
But proverbs tell of many Slips Between the tankard & the lips And really I am apt to give The proverb credit as I live
He must needs go whom the Devil drives and should it cost his Neck; Ownds! what a prodigious step for a Notary's clerk.
the Thing
The Thing—Die *BRACKETED* Warrant
Commons
King
Lords
What's to be done with this Thing
What the Deivel is to be done
A New Song, calld O Dear what . . . Oh! Dear what will become of us what shall we do nobody can advise us nobo *BRACKETED* know
I can't tell no more then you
nor I dash my Wig
I should Know what to do in Bengal
I don't know
I am decidedly of Opinion that if there was any Law to go by I could advise but as there is none, Why D------n the Thing
Curse that Letherbreeches
Riot Act
I know nothing about the Thing I can only Read the Riot Act
I don't like the Thing tis not in my way at all, but if you dare not break the door, Why Mill the Glaze
My Master *BRACKETED* is not to be found & I don't know what to do—but I'll give you Plenty of Soldiers
Why Deputy this is no information at all, we shall go away no wiser then we came
Not a bit
Parl. Hist
highly unconstitutional
East Ind *BRACKETED* Bill
Secret Influence
Plans of Oeconomy
The Bill
Philosophers
Satirist
a firebrand
the lamp of a vestal, which, being once put out can never be put in again
never  OPEN>> very bright
consented to  OPEN>> enlighten
Horne
can only  OPEN>> glimmer
ignis fatuus
a Roman lamp
will be transformed into  OPEN>> simple tapers
Town Talk
St Stephens Chapel
Newgate
White Wash
'Tho
Aboulain *BRACKETED* of the Slave Trad *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . A second man uses a mop, a third a bucket, the fourth *BRACKETED* a broom, saying,  OPEN>> Aye, Aye, if he were as black as Hell we'd White wash him.
I thank you, most honourable Gentlemen, as you approve of what I have done, I will go on with new Spirit at the next Election in spite of Committees & Prisons.
White Washing done here—& all sort of dirty work.
There goes the Cumberland Transport *BRACKETED* .
There he goes
Good riddance of bad rubbish.
To Germany
To Newgate
Cumberland Transport
I do'ant like for this Mr Duke of Cumberland and this Mr Duke of Leeds to get away while poor Tom Croggan is in Newgate—I'ze ben above zix weeks, and d—n me if I'll petition—Its a rotten shame.
Here my dear Reynard when all trouble's past, You'll find a Borrough open at the last.
He's IN for a Borrough
In vain may Wits reprove, and Criticks blame, Nor shall concealment in this cause defame, Reynard in gratitude of such protection, Now pays the devoirs of his Election
A B C...
And then the Pedagogue with formal wig, His night gown and his cane; ruling like Turk, All in his dusty School
Address from the faithless citizens
Portland Stone
Damn------he wont take it in
get hence ye Disaffected few nor dare insult the face of Majesty with such an Opposition trick.
Manifesto
I can't resist any longer so Welcome pleasure Welcome Joy Now's the time to Kiss and Toy.
Jean-de-Bry coat *BRACKETED* , short double-breasted waistcoat, and long pantaloons, stands with his hands in his coat pockets, talking to an old man wearing a star who stands *BRACKETED* , chapeau-bras, with flexed knees, leaning on a cane. The woman says:  OPEN>> I wish Gentlemen you would come to some decision, - it is terrible to be kept in this suspence!
I assure you my Lord - what I ask is extremely reasonable, - for on the world of a Gemmen - If I chose to run the risk - I might make five times the money of her in the Crim-Con line.
As you cant agree together - I think I am very good to take her off your hands at any rate, - You know Jack - I dont mind a few Guineas one way or the other - but you really over-rate the Article - it is complete forestalling! in short you'll entirely ruin the regular Markets
Oh! you damn'd Sailor, You've ruin'd a Tailor!
The Dandy Charger's all the go, Ten Knots an hour, Yeo, heave, ho I send along on this Machine, While gaping crowds are laughing seen, And every Dandy that I pass I'll leave sprawling on his A-
Narrative of the War
Plan of the Low Countries
He has left the Swiss and Italian a Mile behind - and as for me he ha s Knock'd my hat off and broken my pipe - pretty encouragement this to play at Leap Frog
By St Iago - my back is almost broken.
Why did I submit to this.
Keep down your head Master Hanoverian my next leap shall be over John Bull.
I'll be d-----d if you do Master Corsican
hieroglyphic letter
*BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* her *BRACKETED* taken *BRACKETED* er. *BRACKETED* s *BRACKETED* lly *BRACKETED* t *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* have sent a *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* us is very *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* draw our at *BRACKETED* -t *BRACKETED* on from our re *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* ntrests *BRACKETED* we are determ *BRACKETED* n'd *BRACKETED* ab *BRACKETED* de by our own ways of th *BRACKETED* nk *BRACKETED* ng *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* 5 *BRACKETED* ren *BRACKETED* have sent *BRACKETED* us sh *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* treated as V *BRACKETED* s *BRACKETED* tors, & safely sent home aga *BRACKETED* n *BRACKETED* may *BRACKETED* t them & adm *BRACKETED* re them, *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* must *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* pect I of *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* s w *BRACKETED* ll *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* home *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* as sweet as *BRACKETED* sent h *BRACKETED* m, twas cruel toe send so pretty a *BRACKETED* so many 1000 miles & *BRACKETED* have the fat *BRACKETED* gue of re *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* ing back after *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* ng h *BRACKETED* s *BRACKETED* & d *BRACKETED* rt *BRACKETED* ng *BRACKETED* t *BRACKETED* red *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* f *BRACKETED* are w *BRACKETED* follow *BRACKETED* own ad *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* gave *BRACKETED* me take home ewer *BRACKETED* sold *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* guard *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* own tr *BRACKETED* fl *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* . & leave me *BRACKETED* my self as *BRACKETED* am at age *BRACKETED* know my own *BRACKETED* ntrests. w *BRACKETED* thout *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* sh ad *BRACKETED* & know t *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* sh *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* ways regard *BRACKETED* & my Brothers as relat *BRACKETED* ons *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* as fr *BRACKETED* nds. *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* fy *BRACKETED* njured Daughter Amer *BRACKETED* k
Corsair *BRACKETED* Farewell &c by Lord Byron
Magna Charta
Bill of Rights
Droop not, my Son thy Laurels cannot fade, Tho
Thy praise Britannia & my Country's Weal, Are proud incentives to direct my Zeal; No Place no Pension, no Reward I ask: Pure Independence *BRACKETED* pompts *BRACKETED* me to the Task Support her Rights mantain her Ancient Laws Conquer by Truth, or Perish in the Cause.
Places
Grants
Reversions
bargains for Seats
Defalcations
Pensions
Sinicures
Ministerial Muzzle
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Dock Head
Dr Leak's Pills one smal Pill is a Dose.
Wapping Bagnio Hot Baths
Neat Wines.
You tell me dear Girl, that I'm given to rove, That I sport with each lass on the green, . . . With Black, Brown, and Fair, I have frolick'd 'tis true But I never lov'd any, dear Mary, but you
Scourge
Epistle from Tom Cribb to Big Ben, concerning some foul Play in a late Transaction.
Master I found a white feather
Foul! Foul! by all the rules of honor! why even Blackey cries shame.
What! Ben my big hero is this thy renown? Is this the new go?—kick a man when he's down! When the foe has knock'd under, to tread on him then— By the fist of my father, I blush for the *BRACKETED* Ben!
Ah! Je vois, you be de Jentelman! n'est pas bien Sauvage Sare!
Bien shove-a . . e! no d—e! mounseer, I think it more like kicking, than shoving.
vy Charley vot sort of a go d'you call this!
Vi you no go to de Russia you only get little squeeze.
Curacoa
He is only kicking to try if ther is any honor there Blackey!
Themistocles will be well treated if we can find any honor in him!
Morning Herald
Dr to s. d. One Apple . . . . 2 0 A Peach . . . . 5 6 A Bunch of Grapes. . . 18 6 A Glass of Water . . 10.
Eau de Cologne
Parfait Amour
Ratafia
God save great George our King God bless our noble King; God damn the Broth it will never Boil.
God
George
damn
Budget
Pandora's Box
Blow hot! Blow cold! He! He! He! with the self same Breath my Lord - give me a sup of your soup - I have often cool'd your Porridge my Lord! Hay? He! He! He!
My dear Reynard you are welcome to a Spoonfull - Be cautious! - a little of my Broth goes a great way - 'tis d------d high seasond - look at my Cook he & my Freind . . . hum! . . . with the consent of the . . . hum, did both . . . hum the Nation. Over the fire-place is an oval medallion of the heads of North and Fox, called  OPEN>> COALITION MEDAL
BONUS
MELIOR
OPTIMUS
Welch Ale
The Glorious Ancient British Saint Behold, David the great in Fames Records Inroll'd, Loaded with Grand Repast his Sons to Treat And set's before them fine Welch Ale & Meat. Herrings, Leeks, Black Puddings mustard, toasted Cheese, With Goats Milk, Butter & such food as these. Then brings his Minstrells Harp of gracefull sound. Whose Musick cheers their Hearts & makes their Voice Rebound
Greece
Cap of Liberty presented by Russia
By Gar he has pocket your Ball—dat is no good for you.
Greece
Turkey
India
Game
Turkey
India
I may as well mark Game.
I say Brother Marker, you and I must go snacks.
Wrapped up—to preserve the NAP
Pretty considerable—that is I guess how the game will be
Spanish Mule
Map of Sou *BRACKETED* Amer *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . In the foreground Wellington *BRACKETED* sits in a small chair, in profile to the left, his eyes looking apprehensively behind him, his mouth pursed. He wears blue coat and white trousers and holds a cue, the butt resting on the ground; under his chair lies a British bull-dog, gazing up with melancholy intentness. The Duke's shadow forms the silhouette of a soldier standing with folded arms. In the middle distance are notabilities, less directly concerned. The Duke of Brunswick in the uniform of a Death's Head Hussar, with a conical fool's cap with bells poised above his crown, says,  OPEN>> I'll see Hanover d—n before I ask his pardon.
Rent
MP, By der powers father I won two games
I must hold tight now—my little Wife that was to be—is gone home
CHAOS
That Order which from Chaos rose, Returns to Chaos in our cloaths For so fantastic is our dress To find each part we scarce can guess.
derrière
INVISIBLE PLEASURE, or the Ladies delight
A NOSTRUM for state quacks
CHARITY
Blessed are the Poor. Motto. Do as I say, not as I do.
AN ANTIENT WHIG
ORATORY
NUTCRACKES
A MODERN WHIG
In days like these refin'd So very cunning Whigs are grown As to enlarge the mind, They wear a Face besides their own.
MINT DROPS
A SOUND LAWYER
cestus
ORATOR MUM'S HEAD
REFORMATION
Flint
Pride
Lust
Austerity
Profane
Oaths
<<CLOSE . .. Take Example from those about my Person.
H. W. Bunbury Esq. - Esto quod esse videris
momento mori
Shall we listen to the Rabble out of doors vide the C *BRACKETED* a *BRACKETED* Catholic Affair
Corn Bill
Catholic Bill
Carte • Blanche
Here is a list of what I have done
Here was a Man did Nothing
And there was another did Less!—old song
Britannia
Hibernia
Hibernia's
Bound for Commerce
Their Cruel Restriction has caus'd my Affliction
Wee are Determined to be Redressed
Nish na Gaugh Braugh
Britannia
I dread the Storm the Padys are Resolute
Dinna mind 'em lads the K- -gis oor friend
Hibernia
Wee of Bristol will ever Oppose you
Manchester Lads will Back you
Sheffield also
Hibernia
Britannia
Woollen Cloth and &c &c
Open Ports and Free Trade, or
Britannia
Now is ye Time Boys All or none wee will be Free -  OPEN>> . The Britannia's flag is a Union Jack, inscribed  OPEN>> The Emblem
This Watch-house was erected 1829 by A. W. the Cabinet Maker *BRACKETED* and R. P. the Orange Peel Merchant
Police Office
To be disposed of by Private Contract
Times
Be thou as chaste as ice, as pure as snow— thou shalt not escape calumny.
Reform
Associations Otherwise Republican Opium
1688
1792
I'll have no more for my Nose Bleeds
I have not done yet Madam.
Well done Georgiana to her again
If she Cant Beat her A Scrutiny Shall
Alas poor Judas you will lose ye day
décolletée
Hood & Wray
Benifit Club
King Charles Rules Make no long Meals
Plan of a County Workhouse
Poor Laws
Bible
Poors Rates
100 000
100
Bond
5000 Per Ann Mrs Fitz
5000 Morning Post
oui. oui. Valine received on Acont
Bond \\ 10,000 G P.
I dispise him & his obligation too!!!
Mind. Value received is the Countersign
50
1000
Nin month after Date 5000
41
39
and the Circumstances arising from / the investigation of the Conduct of / His Royal Highness the Duke of York / Before the House of Commons 1800.— /  OPEN>> Out of Evil cometh good
Mrs Clarke
Colonel Wardle
Thou shalt not commit Adultery
Dearest Dear
My Darling.
No Back Stairs No Court Candidate Freedom for Ever
Town
An elector
No Undue Influence
The Womans Man for Ever
Dying speech
No petticoat Government
Slats & Garters to sell
No Black Leg the Admiral for Ever
Whig Interest
No Soldiers No Bayonets
No Faction No F
The Rival Candidates, a Farce, *BRACKETED* Performed at Covent Garden Theatre!
Jean de Bry
By shifting about I've at last got so wrong;  OPEN>> Pon my soul I forget to which side I belong
Farmer Stubble
Mon cher Ami I will teach a you de Politess Francoise to Govern like a de Grand Monark every ting but de Francoise Politique
Massacre S Bartholomew 1572
French Faith a Farce
Oh I do Love Souck *BRACKETED* de Roast Beef
By Gar dis be better dan de Grenouilles
Burgundy Champaine Clarit
Come my boys heres the Treaty of Commerce Clarit for ever But no Frogs
the galloping, the flying Duke
Say, how went forth to see him half the nation Their mouths well cramm'd with dust and admiration - . . . . . . All the Duke's friends, great quality and small; Our great King George, and lovely Queen, Were entertain'd scot-free, I ween - Our generous nation doom'd to pay it all.
A Pair of Lyric Epistles
Q - Are you empowered to treat for yourself only? A. I don't Know Q - Can you treat for your Friends ? - A - I don't Know. Q - What proposals have you to make? A - i don't know. Q - Have you been fully instructed in this business? A - No. Q - What are you come here for? A - I don't Know Q - Then it seems you know nothing at all about the Matter? A No. but I'll send back & enquire
Coalition Medal struck in Brass
No tax upon Caps
I hope we shall sheam Measter P------t and meak him to blush for want of more wit.
The tax upon Horses is enough to make a Dumb Ass speak.
Is that Mr P------t I wish he was nigh for instead of the Soap he makes me use Lie.
The Honble Mr P------t desires to know whether Esqr Blockup is at home...
I hope His Honour will excuse our darkness it is to save Taxes
I must overlook it all for necessity has no Law
We have got seven windows left now so we are not in total darkness.
L
The Chronologist N° 2
Reform Bill
Vell let Shoney Bull hav his Bill, and much gott mey it too him, but I'll take care of my Bill
Sauer Kraut
Beaux Stratagem
Alas I fear it will be my turn next.
Dehors Dehors
oh Mon Dieu I shall certainly Miscarry if you dont turn out these Ugly Deformed Wretches.
by Gar you ugly Mugs was frighten the Duchess into fits make haste or I was Cripple yow.
Cripple me butt we'll make her Miscarry if Ugly faces will do it.
Hellgate
Bl--st my Bl--dy b------g Eyes but we'll be revenged
The Irish Faction for ever
I serv'd you as long as I could stand
Coal owners Bill
A command in India
Thus I go to Parliament and am not the first Ass that has farted for prefermnet, but this is dirty work and hard Labour
I speak for my Master / Populus me sibilat at plaudo ipse domi
Curse all Pitts / But a Coal-Pitt
Diem Perdidi
At rest
Turnpike Speech / Election Speech
From Durham / T: C / J: E / 14 April 1784
Daily Advertiser
Oyes! Oyes! Oyes! Wanted for a Man who has long been endeavouring to serve his Country, alias himself, A Place either in the Treasury, Exchecquer, Bank, Customs, Excise, Pay office Victualing office, India board, St James's, or in any Situation under Government, except the Army, can make himself Usefull upon all Occasions & is willing & ready to turn his hand to any thing; he can play on two Instruments at once. Calculate all chances, & is thoroughly conversant with Vulgar Fractions. NB the reason of his leaving his last place was an Unlucky Oversight in an India Bill *BRACKETED* . direct to O------P------N at Mrs Armstrongs Queens Place, Bedford Row.
Mr Grant
Morning Chronicle
Ay, now let us see what are the fruits of this miserable Ostend Expedition! - ay, I see that the intelligence I had from Bruges, was of undoubted authority! - yes, yes, our Informations are always to be depended upon! - ay! sure enough there's the great Sluice of Sluykens, which was blown up! - the damages have all been repaired in a Week, & the Canal is now as full as at any former period! - O Lord! O Lord! - this is the way that poor John Bull's money goes!
June 20 1798
June 21. 1798
Capt Pop'em's Information from Capn Winter
Why what the devil do I see? - sounds, why here's incontestable evidence that the Sluices are all destroyed! - the Masonry all blown up! - and the Navigation of the Canal at an end! O Lord! what damages they have done!- why it can't be repaird by any effort, in less than 12 Months! - Mercy upon me, what will my Lord Malagrida say when I tell him about the business?
I trust the World will not regard me, as a Person ready to bring before them any matter which does not rest on a proper foundation!
After so candid & honorable a Statement, no man can suspect the Honble Gentleman of Wilful Misrepresentation
Post
Courier
Slop
New Times
Sun
Vive le Roi! Vive Louis XVIII! Vive Les Bourbons! Vive Le Roi vive le Roi.—vive Louis!
Vive les Bourbons
Vive le Roi
What an honor this is! but I hope for a greater
Fear not my friend! all in good time
Why can't you see you have given the wrong sleeve do give it to me, you'll make a fine figure of him!
Dont push so Col. you wont let any one come near his Highness but yourself
I hope your Royal Highness wont forget poor Old Sherry, pray allow me to brush the royal shoes they seem quite mouldy with lieing by so long
If his Highness should want any refreshment, here is a pot of my best brewing!
A bason of Grey pease soup is better than porter for his Highness
Here's broad bottom at your Highness's service
Adam, good prospect now however!
Wha wants me!!
I hope you won't forget poor Georgy
unnatural
the event of the action was more beneficial than many victories
In the hands of a surly Old Schoolmistress
Punished by a Pedagogue for reading better than himself
Is sent to College - loves a pretty girl much better than Euclid
Arrives to man's estate and becomes a prey to Sharpers
In a pretty pickle between a Doctor and a Nurse tender
To repair a shattered fortune marries an extravagant wife.
Gets fond of his little family and his wife gets fond of his best friend and cuckolds him
Flies for relief to the Bottle and mends his condition
Is thrown into Prison - forsaken by his Wife, and the only comfort he now enjoys is that of his Children
After Seven years confinement gets released by an Insolvent Bill - Goes into the army and butchers his fellow creatures for a trifle a day
Is disbanded and wrecked on his return home
On his return home finds his family eating a sorry meal in a garret
Is a witness of an usurious scene which awakens bitter reflection on his former folly
Though Poor himself has a heart to feel for the sufferings of others
Pray Rem Debtor
Is arrested by his landlord for rent
Terminates his miseries in a Prison.
"I beg Gentlemen you will not laugh so loud lest you disturb the slumbers of our honourable chairman.
A Peep into the Cottage at Windsor; or, Love among the Roses
Sung by Mr Fawcett in the Popular Farce of the Review, or the Wags of Windsor.
The People
Taxes
Tax
Taxes 1784
Prerogative
Road to Absolute Monarchy
Road to Republicanism
I humbly Insist upon the management or else will not grant any Supplys
To Aristocracy
Commencement of Hostilities.—combined Movement of the Allied Powers
My Lords and Gentlemen! I pray you don't press me so hard, I did not break your Windows!
Bill of Damages done to the Windows of Holderness House
My Windows Sir! my Windows! I demand compensation for my Broken Windows!
Aye Sir, pay us for our Winders, thats the talk
Go it Crocky! make him Smart
Never fear man you are well backed! they will only get well badgered for their Panes
They fancy they have made a great discovery, but I think they have only found a  OPEN>> Mares Nest
"After supper we made a procession to Saint Leonard's College, the Landlord walking before us with a Candle, and the Waiter with a Lantern.
Song: would you hurt a harm less maid maid I am young and sore afraid afraid
Rambler's Magazine
Mrs E--g--n
Cap: S------h
Cap: R--b--ts
Cap: B--k--y
Cap: S--h--y
Lies
To Hyde Park Corner
To The City
Cock A Doodle Doo; or, The Mare, the Hunter, the Prince of Watergruel, and the Cabinet-makers of Old England.—Air—That's the Time of Day
Now may old England's barque Weather out the storm; And may the people gain A radical reform. There's one who says of right He'll ne'er be the affronter His name is Henry Hunt, But he's nought to do with Hunter. Cock a doodle do, &c. Here's bless our gracious King May he still grace the scene; May fortune on him smile, And bless our excellent Queen. And here's may our ministry Bring commerce into play, For it wont be imbecile Although its head is Grey. Cock a doodle doo, &c.
red nobb'd peel
The Waterloo Coachman, An excellent New Song, Founded on a Farce called  OPEN>> The Duke and the Mayor
"Why, who could have thought, when consenting to dine With the Mayor, that a night in November was dark? Or that crowds could collect the whole length of the line? Or that those who love fun ever look for a lark? Then there's Peel's Police—it'll go to pot— And the lights be doused by desperate elves; Nay, more, I'm assured that, if they should not, The lamps have resolved to go out of themselves!  OPEN>> O horror!
must my own Police Be pegg'd by the knights of the Golden Flece *BRACKETED* , And I have to mourn for my Duke's decease!
No, you sha'nt! said the Waterloo Coachman
Field Marshalls Batoon
Privy Purse
Please Sir my Master has sent you this Churning Stick as you are so kind as to Work in his Sisters Buttery.
Oh! My dear Coz, I do so long for a Slice of your Single Gloucester, I shall never be easy 'till my cravings are satisfied—and if as you said you will take me into partnership—All I have shall be thine & you Know I've an excellent Dairy & good Strong Chees press & a capital Churn, so if you like you may Swim in Milk! in Cream! in Butter Milk! & Curds & Whey!!
My dear Poll, I have felt all you have said to be true. Therefore as to my single & double Gloucester you may have your belly full of 'em whenever you please & I dare say with our Joint exetions *BRACKETED* & our joint Stock we shall get into a large-Concern—we'll Milk the Cow we'll make the Curd. You'll mould them & thus merrily we ll make lots of little Gloucester Cheeses!!!
Come along my Boys Come along thats your sort *BRACKETED* keep it up - I wont commit you now never fear its rare fun ay'nt *BRACKETED* & all Gratis
oh the Tremendous Just Ass Midas Oh what a Solomon is Justass Mida -  OPEN>> . The other blows a French horn. The Duke is dressed as a nurse, a handkerchief tied round his head, under which appears the end of his short pigtail queue. On his sleeve is a star. Beside him *BRACKETED* stands a surgeon leaning over the balcony; his shirt-sleeves are rolled up showing brawny arms; in his right hand is a huge forceps which grips the head of an infant on whose breast is a star; under his left arm is a bundle of surgical instruments. He says,  OPEN>> D .. .n Your Noise you Rascall's you'll Disturb Mrs Pickle who has just made a faux Couche of a Young Sea Gull, here Nurse Clarey tip 'em the Jordan
well said Dr Warrant we'll Rake em fore and Aft.
Bless the Baby how like its Dady what a pity it should be a Slink, aye marry and marked with a Star
Mrs Pick *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . On the house *BRACKETED* is  OPEN>> Sommers Street
Through Lilliputian realms my banners are unfurl'd, All know my consequence - I regulate the World
A slap at slop
At the George and Vulture
Bond £10,000 Chs Fox to Moses Mordecai
I must have my monies before Sharles's Tax on Receipts
Charley
I wish I had some of my whip cord to keep me steady
This gale is nothing to the storm of the 27th of July, and no danger of a Lee Shore
I says to our Governor says I—keep your eye on them ere Leaders George
I fear we have been a little hasty in the business—eh! Alth—p?
Now John, what have you to say?
The full number of members in the present House of Commons to be retained by the New Reform Bill
Ah ha!
Starting Place
Stow
Rumor
Secret influence
Prerogative
T
Castril
Beetle Brow
Ordnance
Thistle
Old Rat
Char - Char - Charters
Char - Charters
Memoirs
Coalition - Receipt tax
India Bill
To Brookes's
"A soldier—and afraid. for shame—There never was such times
Keys patent foolscap
They mean to eat you—Cut off your Heads and put them upon Temple Bar
You dont say So, what a diabolical plot Eat a Prime Minister did you ever hear any thing half so horrid Robert
Life in Paris
This is a question of feeling not Argumt
Green Bag
Poodle
cork-rump
Bunker's Hill
Noddle Island
To . Trenton
G R III.
All gentlemen Volunteers that are able and willing to serve his M ... y let them report to the 3 flying shit pots, &c.
Head-quarters
In Lilliput, cases of Crim Con, are so common that they are considered as fashionable by all ranks of people.—How John Bull would grumble, if that was the case in England.
The Lilliputian Ladies, sit up all night ruining their healths and Families, at cards, pharoah, and Hazard. Fie for shame!!
It is a well known fact in that country, that Church Wardens, Overseers. &c, sit down to splendid feasts at the expence of the poor, we know John Bull would not believe it, if he had not received it from such respectable authority.
There a young man of Fashion apes the slang and manners, of a Stage Coachman, so unlike the naturel refinement of our own Country.
Bang-up-Livery Stables. C. Cypher
Bang up
In Summer the Beaus are buttoned to the chin, and the Ladies go half naked, can any thing be more absurd!!
But what is worse than all, the Lilliputians are fond of sending out expeditions, and as soon as they are out calling them back again, it is true they are slow and sure, slow to depart, and sure to be too late!—how different from the alacrity, and prompitude of our own country
That is
only
small
Radical Reform - or Ruin! Destruction Debt! Misery! Poverty! Slavery! Oppression! Loss of Liberty!! Property! Religion - think of your Religion Johnny!!
This is the way please your Worship - the young Gentleman was hanging - when I and my Comrades cut him down!!
A notorious Likeness please your Worship!!
Diable! Your Grand Army in Spain is totally routed 180 Cannon 400 Ammunition Waggons All the Baggage! 9000 head of Cattle Military Chest full of Money taken Your Brother King Joey gallop'd away on Horseback Devil knows where! M. Jourdan lost his stick *BRACKETED* & Wig! & the Enemy persuing in all directions.
English near Bayonne Rising in South of France 200,000 men joind the Bourbons Standard Revolt at Toulon. Discontents at Paris All Spain Evacuated & more losses.
Away base slaves! Fresh Torments! Vile Cowards! Poltroon Joe! Traitor Jourdain! Cursed Anglois! I'll make Heaven & Earth tremble for this! But no tis lies! base lies! Give me my Horse I'll mount & away to Spain! England! Wellington! & Hell to drive Lucifer from his Infernal Throne for Treachery to Me!!
Alas Poor Master is it come to this I must whip on this Strait Jacket or He'll break all our Bones as well as the Armistice.
D—n it Jack this is rare sailing without a wind!
A very pretty invention Tom! D—n it we shall run down the Dandy!
Curse you you tarpaulins Wy don't you mind how you steer.
Vy Poll this beats the Dilly *BRACKETED* !! Vy Poll it
And we have capsized a Dandy!!
bribe
steers her own course
Picturesque
P, I
C
turesque
Ars Poetica
Ut Pictura, Poesis erit
A View on Change
Gate to Preferment
Constitution
Madam a noble Corps, True and Staunch Friends to the Cause, have learned their Exercises at the Loyal Schools at Oxford
This Gate is not ye Door to your Master's Sheepfold, he that entereth not by ye Door is a thief & robber I will not trust you, you mould ruin my Constitution & tear my Cap
Dear Madam Tory's & Jacobites were never Friends to the Brunswick Line remember ye Years 15 & 45.
Please you Madam, for Mitres, Deaneries and Pre-bendarys we will wade thro
Gate to Preferment
York Regiment
Tom who the Devil will trust these Fellows who are neither true to God nor Man, for every one is a Deserter from the Prince of Life
Let them alone, they are but hirelings if I was King I would hang them all.
Did you mean to Offend me? indeed Sir not I.—indeed Sir I'm very glad on't!!!
Puff
Seats in Parliament,
Church Preferment
The fumes of this pudding will spread all over Ireland.
Well, gentlemen, I hope you like this pudding.
Why, it's a little too strong of the Orange Peel
It will do Arthur Hungry dogs will eat dirty pudding.
Arrah, my jewels, can't you smell it.
Sure an you'll let us have a taste, Mishtre Dan.
Seats in the Cabinet
Commissions in the Army
Commissions in the Navy
Magisterial Commissions
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Cits
Delicate Investigation
Regency Theatre
Nunc aut Nunquam
Laud! Laud! be they all your own meaking what a clever Leady thee must be. whoy there beant such another in all Hertford.
Yes Jonny they are all manufactured by me & my Son. I can make them do any thing, the *BRACKETED* work so easy, only Perceive all the gestures of this Lawyer like Gentleman with the delicate investigation in his pocket, he is my principal actor & always ready to take any part—those Grey & Green-vile looking figures behind me are so stiff & stubborn that I cannot do any thing with them, & am obliged to put them aside, Why I have had the Honor of performing before the Prince Regent, & he has given me permission to write up, Performer to his Royal Highness.
Fide et Amo *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , the Hertford motto. In front of the stage is a play-bill:  OPEN>> Theatre Royal Hertford—The Piece call'd Secret Influence will be continued some time longer, a Revived piece in one Act call'd The Petition Regegted *BRACKETED* will be performed in the course of a few days to which will be added the Baggatelle the Cits in the Suds or How can you help it—NB no person permitted to peep behind the Curtain but the Performers
in extremis
1800 \\ Glory, \\ Conquest, \\ Submission of \\ America - Perfidy of France \\ respecting the Treaty
Ich Dien
the flesh is weak
Sal . . .
J. Cary
En la Rose flueri
En la rose je fleuris
Morning Chronicle
Gazette
Fortificatio *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  and the last lines are legible:  OPEN>> For the Amendt 170 Against 169 Majority 1
I was willing but not able
True Britton
Great News arriv d from France, Paris taken and more Cannon, Cartridge, Balls, Bombs & Assignats, than they can find room for, also 100,000 Skelletons of Sans Culotts, Carmignoles &c &c ready Dried for the Surgeons!! - NB will prevent the Robbing of Church Yards, & to be Sold remarkably cheap - too - too - too - Rare News for Old England!!!
Chronicle
Horrid Bloody News just arrived from France the Combin'd Armies after a Severe Engagement were all Cut into Cabbage for the National Convention!! ! too - too - too.
What - what - what Cabbage and Carmignoles Frederick killd he Frederick.
Peace and Plenty
Look you there Mr Bull, do you see what is coming, do you know them, they surely will complete your wishes.
Yes, I see, I know one of them is a great Stranger and I hope she comes on Honorable termes. Pray Master Charley tell me what distance they are from us.
Behold The Numerous And Diversified Blessings of the British Constitution.
George III
Lords
Commons
Ps Cte
Behold England's Pyramid gracefully peering, O'er a beautiful Campaign—Fields reaping—sheep shearing, The people all joyous, peaceful and prosperous
With ten or twelve votes of one's own, one could do something but now if you want to get a Snug birth for a Son or Nephew they ask is he qualified for it. Oh! curse this Reform
You see Senor de more you do charge de more dey vill vonder and admire you I know dis Jean Bull veil and I tink him be von dem fool
Matchless Blacking
This Reform will not do for me I must cause a Row somehow or other or my Matchless Oratory will be laid on the shelf
Tract
We've some friends dropt in from Germany will you allow them a few apartments in this Tower of yours
Certainly never mind me I hope they will make themselves at home
Reform due to J. Bull
Robert of Paris
eh! bless me, I thought by the Papers some of my People had dispatched this man
Doctor what makes you always hide your face in passing the Church Yard
Oh! there's some old broken off Acquaintances I don't want to renew
Mine got vot a chance, vendish *BRACKETED* reform ish pasht it vill vont so much skill, to cheat de peoples dey will never get in midout ush to help dem
Chancery
get on Mrs Vice when I've clear'd my own place I'll help you
Ock *BRACKETED* by the holy proker wont this reform make the prates grow, wont it make Ireland stand alone like a Shelalah stuck in a bog & every Mothers, Son, Man, Woman & child a Gentleman
To Reform
To Revolution
Reform
Swell Mob
Low Pads
Revolution
Drive the Grey down the blind Lane opposite
Harkee Young Man, I think you might take work in Belgium when its offerd you instead of living upon me doing nothing.
J Bull
with experimental illustrations given by the illustrious stranger at the Zoological Gardens
'tis a pity so much good straw should be wasted
Cheer up my son recollect as fast as they compel you to make promises I can absolve you from them
Rotten boroughs
Vain Glory
Privilege, Church Plunder, Pride, Hypocricy
We must really lighten the Boat in some degree
No, I say it will do very well now
My Lord, I'll tell you,— that selfsame Bill is urged which, in the last King's reign was like and had against us passed but that the Scambling and unquiet times did push it out of further question.
But how my Lord shall we resist it now
It must be thought on if it pass against us we lose the better half of our Possesstion *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> This would drink deep
T'would drink the cup and all
There Johnny! see how I have been working for you for Months past, You can't say I get my Money for nothing.
You be a very industrious Man indeed Master Mat and the prattyest Cole *BRACKETED* Merchant. I have dealt with this mony a day!!!
New Silver to enable the people to give intrinsic value for Bank rags & worthless Tokens.
Mint Seed
Current Price of Silver & Gold
New Silver Coinage
W, W, Pole Master & Worker of his Majestys Mint
Liberty
2440
G.R
Slavery
Intended to convey the Army of England from the Gallic Shore, \\ For the Purpose of exchanging French Liberty! for English Happiness! \\ Accurately copied from a Plan presented to the Executive Directory, \\ By Citizen Monge
Stop my Darling and go along with me
Woman avaunt, I am not to be tempted, and be it known also I am a married man, therefore what little business I do in thy way it is not worth dividing
cit
cits
Men Traps
Just Hatched
Reform, Common Rights, & Small Farms
1. Oh! England! England! hear the Voice, That made the Romans once rejoice. History says that cackling Geese, Arous'd alarm secured the Peace. Our King, God bless him, he delights, To grant reform, and Common rights.
2. As Eggs we want for present use, Let us at once cut up the Goose. The D—e and I shall each have half, For at Distress you know I laugh. What's left we'll stew; our friends may try, To get a finger in the Pie.
3. Distress! Distress! we mil not hear, Or shall the people interfere, On Common Rights we long have trod, And ruled with the Iron Rod. We'll kick the Goose unto old Scratch, The Devil knows what She may hatch, Whats to be done, Great Master, say? At your command We'll cut away.
4. This Warning Voice seems so sincere— I am disposed to Hear! Hear! Hear! For Britain's safety thousands bled, And now their Children cry for bread. So much distress, t'is but too true, They shall have bread, meat & beer too, Preserve the Goose, and free from harm, Re-place her in a little farm.
5. The very thing most Gracious Sire, Poor Man and Goose so much require. From place, to place, we've long been toss'd, No little Farms,—the Commons lost! Throughout the Land all people sing, Reform! Small Farms! God save the King
The Dutchess is not at home my Lady
Never mind Never Mind I'll get you a Key to what is going on here thro my dear Little St James's Marchioness
I wonder what brings her down here now, I have been in this place these twelve years and never saw her here before
Budget
America
This Limb belongs to me in Spite of Fate
Either by Policy or Force I must Obtain some limb or Other
I am afraid I shall lose all my Dollers & get Nothing
Associations
Let our Associations Stop that lump of Iniquity from Ruining our Country
One limb is lost Already by his Infernal tricks
Give us an Account how you Spend our money
D------n these Associations they will put a Stop to my Proceedings at last.
York; Middlesex; Petitions, and Protestant Petition
"This is the first abyss in the revolutionary Hell which is yawning for us.
Oh I shall die with laughter
The Puppet Shew, ... or, A dialogue between Foote, Geo. Alexander Stevens, Harlequin and Polly Pattens
Industry and Idleness
Essays on Physiognomy
Here play my Cards, Henry? I want to retire a little.
Loan 88,000,000
Plan of Quiberon Bay
I must get some one to play mine? the candles are almost out? save the pieces?
and I shall retire behind the Screen a little too Mon
There is nae Luck about the House New Set by W P. *BRACKETED* B A.
and so shall I.
cit
Fine Choice of Patterns Sir all the Rage in Town I hope you will give me an Order.
Yes I'll give thee an Order and that is to March out of my Shop for I dont like the looks O'thee
2
I
Please as how your Honor they say's you can tell me what sort ofAnimals these here be they call 'em in our parts Billy Biters, and says they be Mortal Bolters to be sure they have a got plenty of Mouth as a body may say, and this here one seems to be the Old Cock Bird, I be almost afraid of them.
And so am I my hones *BRACKETED* Fellow, but d'ont let that Old Bird go, for he'll surely attack one of us, they are really Carnivorous and will stick to the flesh of any one they Attack like leeches untill they complete his destruction, hold him fast my good Fellow and do stop thier mouths if you can or they will surely do some one a Mischief.
List of Vacant Places
Par. liame . . Debates, Speech, &c
N.
B.
N
Ambition
"The Hat of Napoleon
Serpent
Chain
Hand grasping a Dagger
Heart
Leopard's Skin
Flame
Corsican-Phœnix
La Quotidienne
Drapeau Blanc
La Minerve
Albion . Life . Assurance
So, sees and shines, our Moral Sun, The Press, . . . Sees the rat  OPEN>> Leech
I Mrs Faw--kn--r
2 Mr Cha--lt--n
3 Mrs Ch--It--n
4 Mr Eth--ngt--n
5 Mr Tr--tt--r
8 Col: St--nh--pe
7 Col-- C--mb--I
6 Miss D--by
9 Mrs Wh--rt--n
13 Col: D'Au--b--nt
14 Miss D'Au--b--nt
10 M. St--kp--le
11 Mrs St--nh--pe
12 Col: H--nd--rs--n
16 Mr Ber--n--rd
15 Count Hasl--ng
17 Sir Wm Br--n
Order is heaven's first law
Bible
Abt of English Laws
Principles of the British Constitution
Stop Thieves! Stop Thieves! they have stolen the plate from the Palace.
Brother Nap - Brother Nap why dont you stop - the Philistines are pursuing us.
I cant Brother Joe I am in a great hurry myself.
Plate
Invincible Standard
Legion of Honour
Dolly I admire your Chops and now for your Rump I shall find out the beauties of the Kremline in time! Dolly I have a great mind to make you a Dutchess you'll make a nice fat Dutchess, and Cis here shall be a Countess. Should you like to be a Dutchess Dolly?
Any thing your Hiness chuses to make me!
Come Cis take a glass of Claret my girl Countesses *BRACKETED* a countess should drink nothing but Claret.
Got tam! vat he go do Dolly? My Dolly!
Ah ha! I think you are done with Monr Fricasee.
No 1
We had better not Trip him up yet because that old Fellow is observing us—we must secure all his valuables first— and then for the x x x x x
Aye! Aye! don't talk any more about that He's not so drunk yet, but he knows what he's about
Now my good Gentlemen do take care of me! I must leave it to you, to help me out of all quarrels—only keep me from accident, because I'm a——Public Concern
What a pity it is to see, such a Nice looking man under such bad guidance. He'll find it out when it's too late; but I can't interfere because I'm Private, now
Coalitio
Our great successes in the East & West Indies, conquest of Corsica; entertain no doubt you will chearfully grant the Supplies for carrying on this just & necessary War
Henry VIII
King Charles 1st
PPP
How queer King Charley looks without his Head, does'nt he?!!! Faith & sure & I wonder how We should look without Our Heads?!!
Aye! There's great Harry! great indeed!!!!! for he got rid of many wives, whilst I, poor soul, can't get rid of one—Cut of his Beard Doctor t'will make me a prime pair of Royal Whiskers!!!
poor Fox
I Hate Pit-y
Oppressive Power
bribery & Corruption
Crums | of | Comfort | The Love of my | Constituents
List of the Whig Club
What! What! what terrible threatning Aspects!! - But they are a monstrous way asunder - they can never come together - My dear, my dear you can not conceive how red and fiery their tails are!!!
If you will give me leave, my love, I'll calculate it to an inch - you know I am used to conjunctions
The Coalitional Rencontre Anticipated
Carlo Khan
The Setting Sun, or, a Little Reason and a Great R-t. A Poem by Ambrose Dryswitch
Yarmouth Troll
Carlton House
Manchester Square
The Horns—By H*FORD NB Good Entertainment for Man & Beast
Regency Theatre—Evg will be . . . The Road to Ruin *BRACKETED* to which will be—Is he a Prince—tomorrow Turnout Characters Hertford Yarmouth.
Ya hip-Mis bit of Blood *BRACKETED* .
All Hail sweet Quean.
There we go me & My Billy gee oh.
Privy Purse
Zooks what Nation fine Galloping Goats thes be It puts I in Mind of a Race at our Fair for a Wager—Aye Aye this is the way our Taxes do go Galloping Aye Aye.
To Wales
To Hertford Pleasure Grounds
letter
title
The British Constitution
King
Lord *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Common *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , under which sits Britannia, her lion at her feet *BRACKETED* . On the front of the dome is a profile of George III wearing a laurel wreath in an oval inscribed  OPEN>> By the Grace of God
Gun Powder
Speech at the Whig Club
The Hazard of the Die!
Thy visage & Design are refulgent! delectable!
No King. No Religion No Laws.
The light of my Countenance directs thee
I will act my Part
Egalité
Hardy
Danton
Robertspierre
Tom Pain
Marat
Mor. Chro.
L------dale
New --rk H--rald
Abuse of the Press
Margarote
Daere
Redhead
Towers
Assignats
British Convention Scotland
London Corresponding Society
Equal Representation
Derby Meeting
Sedition
Murder Treason
Anarchy Rapine
Better to reign in Hell than serve in Heaven
Reform
My dear Children persevere thus till Chaos comes again
Laws
God Religion
Truth
Association Tracts
Association for Preserving Liberty & Property agt Republicans and Levellers
St Albans Tavern Association
Merchant Taylo *BRACKETED* Hall Association
Parish of St James's Assn
Parish of St Martins Assn
Country House Ass--n Exeter
Lloyds Coffee House Association
Edinburgh Association
Stability
I will guard those from harm who serve God & keep the Law
Amor Patriae
Britannia and the Constitution
The Law and Security
Liberty and Property.
Religion and Concord
Honi soit qui mal y pense
Deus
The wicked shall Perish I will cut them off.
Dedicated to the Associations for Preserving Liberty and Property against Republicans and Levellers.
Paradise Lost
----------------"Seest thou what Rage Transports our Adversaries, whom no Bounds Prescrib'd, nor Bars of Hell, ---------------- ---------------- nor yet the main Aby'ss Wide-interrupt, can hold? So bent they seem On desperate Revenge, that shall Redound Upon their own rebellious Heads
Impendent Horrors! threat'ning hideous fall One day upon our heads
To do ought good will never be our task But ever to do ill our sole delight Havock and Spoil and Ruin are our Gain
Sirrah, this Insolence deserves a Drubbing
Drury Lane—Managers last Kick
Cobourg Thatre— Bombastus *BRACKETED* Furioso
Who are you Sir?—Here you Scene Shifters  OPEN>> Turn this Lamp-Lighters Boy out.
You insignificant up start, I'd have you to know I belong to the Household look at my Uniform, and see if I'm like a Lamp-Lighters Boy!!!
Come, March off, Mr Lamp-lighter.
Stage Door No Admittance except on Business
Royal Cobourg
An instant Apology or a D n'd good Horse-whipping in remembrance of the Lamp-lighters Boy
Help, help, within there—Assist the Manager to douse his Day-lights.
Crack his Sconce and fly—Jerry Sneak will protect you
Our Manager Win's in the wrong Box.
Go it Glossy—Serve him out— he's a Dead Flat
Russia
Prussia
Sweeden
Prussia
Austria
Poland
Boheamia
Spain
Capias ... Hunt
Radical Reform
The Orator of the Smithfield Meeting
Scourge
Vaccine Quackery
Dedicated to the Associated Jennerain Cow Poxers of Gloster
Vaccina aged 12 Years
Par ignobile fratrum.
National Vaccine Institution for Genuine Cow Pox by Act of Parliment! L- Undertaker
Surry Dispensary Institution for Genuine Cow Pox . . . *BRACKETED* W *BRACKETED* Undertaker
IIII Miles from the Sur *BRACKETED* Round House
Harveian Oration
The Brazen Image
L Ps *BRACKETED* Præsus
Broad hum for ever
Brazen Image
Common Sense
Candid Investigation
Reason
Religion
Truth
His Conscience that makes Cow-herds of us all
I will not recommenendd your Milk Lass—unless you have the Child Cow pox'd.
What's the Matter Dick.
I have caught the Small pox tho I was Cowed with the genuine Parliment sort.
The Docter says it is the Small Pox.
Poh! 'tis— impossible I Vaccinated him My self at Cheltenham.
You have brought the College into sad disgrace Squire.
I dare not make any Moore Reports.
I'll have it preached & practised in all My Methodest Chappels not withstanding.
To the Memory Of Vaccina who died April the First!
Illustrations of the Proofs of Young Jenners Inoculation by Dr Barron
Grovennor Case
List of Fai *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ;  OPEN>> Sermons on Cow Pox by Rowland & Others
Blair's Whores of Baby Ion
Harveian Orations
College Reports
Supposing Reports
Rings Botherations
Roseum oratio
Ringwood Report
Squinting Eyes &cc
Glandle swelli *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ;  OPEN>> Scabed Heads
Jennerain Scrophula
Blindness
Vaccine Eruptions
Inflamed Arms
Cow Itch
Lingering Death
Cowpox Mange
Tumid Glands
In Cælo Quies
The Beaux
Invoce . . .
Satirist
cit
Take the Vagrant impostors to Gaol
they are not Objects for Charity!!
Take me from this Naughty Man who stole me & is not my Papa.
Pray pity a poor distressed Emperor, with two Wives & one helpless foundling Baby!
Look with an eye of Compassion on the poorest King of the Indies that ever lived *BRACKETED* .
Charity for a wretch with also two wives & a small family.
A bone & a morsel of of *BRACKETED* Bread is all I can hope from your bounty benevolent Gentlemen.
Let me retire from Business with a little pension & I ask no more
For all my cares, and long Harangues, Must I receive these kicks and bangs? Oh most ungrateful, stupid Blocks! For serving thus your Old Friend Fox.
The next kick shall send him to Bengall
He flyes like a Wild Goose
Tho
Instead of the Grapes, he has got the Gripes
*BRACKETED* ion Rooms
To Be Sold
Beware of Mock Auctions
The Ram Inn
Stocrching *BRACKETED* , Yorkshire . . .
Maidenhead Waggon
Rambler's Magazine
Bill to fortify
Casting Pole
Royal Perogative
Weighty Reasons
Pro Rege lege Grege
You cannot conceive my Dear Friends how comfortable I feel without my Tail, our worthy Associate there first underwent the Operation, and I have no doubt but every one of you that is troubled with that useless incumberance, will follow so glorious an example; and I can assure you it is performed with such expedition and ease that Egad the same Machine would take off all our Heads in the twinkling of an Eye.
I dont think my Tail of much use
no or of ornament either
I assure you I feel quite cool and comfortable without my Tail besides being fasionable
A Fox taken in a trap, was glad to compound for his neck by leaving his tail behind him. it was so uncouth a sight for a Fox to appear without a tail, that the very thought of it made him weary of his life; but however for the better countenanc of the Scandal he got Master and Wardens of the Foxes Company to call a Court of Assistants, where he himself appear  OPEN>> d and made a learned discourse upon the trouble and uselessness, and the indecency of Foxes wearing tails, - He had no sooner said out his say but up rises a cunning Snap then at the board, who desired to be informed whether the worthy member, that mov'd against the wearing of Tails gave his advice for the advantage of those that had Tails or to palliate the deformity of those that had None.  OPEN>> Æsops Fables
cunning snap
Hodges full proof
The Political House that Jack built
Prussia
cello or double-bass is  OPEN>> Ger
Ital
Swiss
Engl
Mistress Mclarty, why do you not make your Daughters assit *BRACKETED* you
Indeed my Daughters can clean the House, or Milk the ky as wee'l as I can when they like but its no often that they will be Fashed
Drawn on wood by George Cruikshank.
Stamp
Excise
Shop Tax
Repealed!!!
Tithes
State Trial
Lending Newspapers to read Prohibited
Trial by Jury
Extention of Excise
Publicans and all Venders of a Pen'orth of Tobacco to pay 5s annually for a Licence
Stamps
Civil List
Taxes
National Debt
Advertisements
Wills
Horses
Post Horses
Taxes
Carts
Certificates
Horses
Wheels
Per - fumery
Tax Farmers
Starch
from a Sketch by a French Officer by whom he was taken Prisoner
A Voluptuary under the horrors of Digestion
Honi soit
Thy Country Expatriate thee
Thy Crony's Impeach thee
The Wigs forsake thee
The Prince discards thee
Thy Friends Abjure thee
The People despise thee
All true friends to their King & Constitution Abhor thee
The Sans Culottes admire thee
The Poissards Love thee
Poison
Pro Patria
derrière
antient
Prop of Reform
Warrant *BRACKETED* Distress . . John Bull
Poor's Rate
Kings Tax
Assess'd Taxes
Snatch Broker & Sworn Appraiser
Kings Taxes
Ministrial Dung-hill
Prope *BRACKETED* Tax
Place, Pension
Sinecure
"All with united force combine to Drive,
The lazy Drones from the laborious Hive.
Quarter Day.
Liberty
R-ch-er
Placemen and Pensioners Spies and Informers.
To the Whig Club of England this Plate is inscribed with all due respect by Their most devoted servant Richard Newton
Caricature Anglaise
Royal Nuptials
Mr Bull me no come here to spy de naked ness of your land but to cover my own me help to cross de breed—Mr Bull, moi pas fenir ici pour épier la nudité de fotre pays, mais pour couvrir la mienne, moi aider à croiser la Race.
Why look ye Master Foreignear in my own opinion we could very well have dispenced with your visit altogather—However since you are come heres a pair of Breeches for you that you may'nt put the Ladies to the blush—
Lack a day! where shall we find lirings *BRACKETED* now the Property Tax is abolishd?
D—n the linings—he may think himself devilish well off to get the breeches to cover his nakedness & a bed-fellow into the bargain.
A promising youth upon my word, though rather lank about the Thighs but good feed de warm covering will soon put all that to rights.
Oh dare be de boar from my Country to improve de breed he look very well—
The Feast
Le Temps fait voir avec sa Lanterne Magique, aux quatre parties du Monde, que cet Orage que les Anglois ont excité, les foudroye eux-mêmes, et va donner à l'Amérique les moyens de se saisir du bonnet de la Liberté
To Gimcrack Hall
Rubbish may be shot here
An Historical, Emblematical, Patriotical, and Political Print, representing the English Balloon, or National Debt in the year 1782, with a full View of the Stock Exchange, and its supporters the Financiers Bulls, Bears, Brokers, Lame Ducks, and others, and a proportionate Ball of Gold, the specific size of all the Money we have to pay it with supposing that to be Twenty Millions of Pounds sterling, the Gold, and Silver Trees entwined with Serpents, & upheld by Dragons, for the pleasure of Pluto & all his Bosom Friends.
lame ducks
Panharmonicon |  OPEN>> Ca ira. |  OPEN>> Marseilloise Hymn. |  OPEN>> Garry owen
Apollonicon. |  OPEN>> God save the King. |  OPEN>> Rule Britannia. |  OPEN>> Awa Whigs awa
England & England's Laws lay hid in Night, Bute said let Bathurst be - and all was Light
Pray Zur which be my way to St Pauls?
O! why let me see, you must go strait down Crooked Lane along White Chapel round the Monument through East Cheap . . . *BRACKETED* then go up Piccadilly & as it will be quite dark why ask you'r way to St Giles's & when you get there any body will shew you the way to St Pauls
Life in Paris
à la militaire
No Popery
Sir We Just Trouble with a Line—which we sincerely hope will accelerate your Elevation.
I know I'm a little changed—but they whant to Halter *BRACKETED* me entirely.
—Serris *BRACKETED* of sketches—of the principal performers in the Grand New Pantomime—Call'd The popes Eye *BRACKETED* —or Tricks & Changes—brought out with considerable applause at the National Theatre 1829
Fox
House of Correction 1819
I Promise to pay to all Republicans, Jacobins, / and Knaves, the sum of a Perpetual Flagellation; to be strictly inflicted / and most judiciously applied, until their turbulent spirits be duly expunged. / 1819 Jany 30 London 30 Jany 1819 / For the King and / Constitution. / John Flogwell / L *BRACKETED* One
N°
C—tt
H—t
H—e
Quintessence of Revolution
The Knaves desert or a strong binding for a Bookseller
A Printer's Devil
L
A Scourge For Rogues With Venomed Stings
H
One
Pain exemplified, Or The Age Of Reason
H—e
Jack Ketch
H—t
C—tt
Green Bag
I will hold you Ten Guineas of it
Rambler's Magazine
Life in Paris
cit
D------d fine Woman—pon Honor— but what a quiz of a fellow she has taken in tow there
Mount Pleasant
cit
I dont see any reason for my part why these foreigners should run away with all the money, mind your airs and graces puss, and see if we cant come in for our share. I dare say I shall get two hundred guineas a night by your mewing at private Concerts, at the houses of Ladies of distinction, - and you shall have plenty of rats and mice for your own private picking - Two hundred guineas a night why zounds it will almost enable me to pay my Taxes!!
My old friend I am puzzeld about naming my Successor - pray let me know my fate before I go to Conquer England.
British Navy
Volunteers
Army of Reserve
Militia Regulars
Providence
Dont trouble yourself about your Successor there it is settled for you. The English is waiting for you and so am I. your Time is come, there is your Fate.
DEATH Bonaparte DEATH
Bourbons restored
Egyptian Poison
Why he is Uglier than Papa.
Laws of Nations
Apotheosis of the Corsican-Phoenix
Mock Phoenix
Never Mind don't fret
Tale of a Tub
Vote of Justification
Act of Excommunication
Yea, verily Brethren, I, even I, have been weighed in the Balance and found wanting
Subscription Box
Subscription Scrutiny Box
Pity the Weak, and Needy pray Oh pity me, I've lost the day.
House of Lords House of Commons
That's your Sort Billy *BRACKETED* Push on Keep Moving
London
This Load begins to feel very heavy I am affraid I cannot get to Westminster at the time I expected - Egad it makes me Sweat - However I am too far gone to retrack so D me here Goes thro thick & Thin slap Dash - Stand to no Repairs
Allegro
cello. Near him and with his back to the stage is Bernadotte playing the flute; he wears two orders, apparently the Legion of Honour and the Saint Esprit *BRACKETED* . All wear military uniform, and all have impassive expressions. The stage is flanked by two parallel rows of screens receding in perspective, four on each side, making three wings, down which the actors hurry off-stage, while a dragon flies above their heads, breathing fire, and ridden by Jérôme Bonaparte. On the monster's neck is a large holster inscribed  OPEN>> HN
the pious King of Saxony
The Mail Coach
GR
To Bath
I am Determin'd to Inflict Death on all Despots & Oppressors.
Religious Bigots
Aristocrats who screen'd by their unjust Privileges rob Tradesmen of their Property
Monopolizer of Provisions to Distress the Poor
Perverters of Public Justice
Oppressers of the People
The Increase of Tyranny
The Stretch of Prerogative
The Abuse of Power
Despotism
France
Prussia
Germany
Russia
Sweeden
Brunswick
Let go you Bitch I d'ont like the Looks of her let's be Off.
This Business Stinks Cursedly
Ive lost my Place
Turkey
I shall never get back to the Seraglio again.
Spain
Portugal
I now will play the Foxes Part, And gain a Secret from each Heart,
I should not have used you so ill, If I had not swallow'd a Scotch Pill,
Through you & Burke I lost my Place, Yet I forgive the sad Disgrace.
couchant
Come, Come, shake hands, and lets be Friends
With all my Heart, I've gain'd my Ends
Your M . . . y has been long deceived And at your Subjects was much griev'd,
Enough! my Fault I own, my Subject Loyal, And you much love,  OPEN>> pon my Word Royal.
Parson I you forgive, I know youre Bate
I did repent when it was too late
By Twitcher's Arts I you accus'd
And to forgive I ne'er Refus'd
Address
obervation
About your business
Gemtnen At a General Meeting, you Impowered me whenever the situation of public affairs Ran down & the main Spring of good order Broke, then Gemmen as I before said you Empowerd me to call you together; now is your Time, & a moment lost belike may never be Regaind, unless you exert yourselves to unhing *BRACKETED* that bold Monster Sedition who Stalks abroad in Broad Day Light Gemmen to destroy our Glorious Constitution & Throw the Balance of power from its place & Canker our principles with the Rust of Democracy, Gemmen its unknown the Villany thats abroad there are wheels within wheels that Regulate the Encreasing Tide of Traitorous Measures in this here big Town therefore in order to Check this growing Evil I have called you together, that we may know how and about it.
Madame, permittez me, to pay my profound esteem to your engaging person! & to seal on your divine Lips my everlasting attachment!!!
Monsieur, you are truly a well-bred Gentleman! - & tho' you make me blush, yet, you Kiss so delicately, that I cannot refuse you; tho' I was sure you would Deceive me again!!!
Death or Liberty
Death or Liberty
Liberty or Death
U S.
ROPE
Laugh like me!!!
Oh! the Big Wigs of Old England! Laugh at the English Big Wigs!!
Doctor
Law
Old Bags
Derrydowntriangle
Scourge
Husband.  OPEN>> My dear Vife vat make you so solky dis morning?
Nothing;
W I G
H
We live in awful times
For the bravest
Can wield for their safety, both sabres and guns
Red Book
I Publish the Banns of Union Between ------ Jno Bull of this Parish & Miss Hibernia Spinster if any of you Know cause or Just impediment why these two Persons should not be joind together in Holy Union ye are to Declare it *BRACKETED* .
Give us a Hoist Nick
BUDGET Small beer Soap Tobacco Insurance Carriages Tea
mind the Small Beer my old Boy
This North wind blows no good
Carlo Khan's East India Bill Ascended Decr 1783
This Gleam of Hope with Messrs Flood, Gratten & Co's Compliments to the Coalition
Treasury Bench
Irish Propositions
Death blow to their Hopes. The loss of Public Confidence, not restored by misleading the public opinion, and overthrowing the Propositions by gross inconsistency. The Opposition in the British Parliament contended that the Propositions would ruin the Manufacturers of this Country. The Same Party insisted, in Ireland, that the Propositions would ruin the Manufacturers of that Country
qu'on me laisse au moins ce Joujou.
et a moi trois petits Soupers, par Semaine.
Je Sacrifierai tout, pourvu que la Chasse me reste et quelques morceaus de Fer pour les terns de pluie.
Stop Thief
Emportez Vite,... à Turin et en Passant le feu à tous les Moulins.
Cabinet de Largent pour La Nation
Maison de Ville
I percieve my Beloved Brethren, that my discourse has operated on your feelings and sensibility, but I would advise you to be just before you are generous, I shall keep my eyes on you, and if any of you my Brethren are not in a state of solvency, or cannot pay twenty shillings in the pound *BRACKETED* do not bestow a donation.
Ecod thats a capital manœuvre it's worth a pound note already.
Nothing but gold or Pound Notes well I'll steal off—I dont what *BRACKETED* business I had to poke my nose here.
"Nature has made Man's Breast no Windores,  OPEN>> To publish what he does within Doors;  OPEN>> Nor what dark secrets there inhabit,  OPEN>> Unless his own rash Folly blab it.
Oppres \\ sion
Influ \\ ence
Authority
Liberty
Property
Farmer General
Farming Budget
En la Rose je fleurie
To Despotism
To would be Farmers. By Auction at the Rose & Lilly Whitehall The British C------n *BRACKETED* in French lots. NB Purchasers must find Two staunch Tories as security for their good Behavior. W.P
Two British Armies I have thus Burgoyn'd, And room for more I've got behind.
An Apartment to lett for Military Gentlemen
Britons within the Yankean Plains, *BRACKETED* *BRACKETED* how ye March & Trench, The Serpent in the Congress reigns, As well as in the French.
Early American Prints
Luxury
Public Credit
Treasury
Reconciliation
Uncondit *BRACKETED* Submiss *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The two poles of the globe are  OPEN>> Oppression Tyranny
Corruption Pride
Confederated Colonies
Enormous Taxes
Decline of Trade
*BRACKETED* hausted Revenues
U *BRACKETED* qual Represn
Aba *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> d Ministry
Pro *BRACKETED* Nobility
A *BRACKETED* tate Clergy
C *BRACKETED* pted Senate
Deluded People
Subverted Liberties
L'Arbitre d'Europe ou Atlas Politique, tiré selon les Observs de Mr Necker
poissarde
my turn next
Caira Cair &c.
poissardes
Nimrod What! What! What!
Underneath are entombed the Remains of the Wonder Hunting Monarch------* * * In Wisdom a second Solomon! a Daniel! One of the four wise Kings of Europe! Oh! ye Descendants of Midas revere his memory, for unto you it belongeth to save it from annihilation. Great was his knowledge! his lacteal knowledge! his farming knowledge! & his saving knowledge! but alas! these Œconomical Virtues are no more .... *BRACKETED* .
Otium cum Dignitate
Midas
I am set
The Pot's boiled over Pot! Pot! Pot!
Gold
Silver
Halfpence
Farthings
Also is entered in the same Vault what remaineth of the mortal part of his beloved Consort Who proved herself one of the best House-keepers in his Majesty's Dominions . . . *BRACKETED* Unhappily one Day inspecting the soundness of a Washing Tub, she fell in and was drowned in the Suds, a Martyr to her Virtues.
Ancient Music
Germany for ever
Where farming knowledge, wonderful to say
Pounds, Shillings, Pence, she exactly counted.
Who wants a cure for a rusty Wife? Here's your nice Family Amusement for Winter Evenings! Who buys here
a very striking likeness
Help! Murder for God's sake, Murder!
Murder, hay? its Law you Bitch! its not bigger than my Thumb!
We explain de Rights of Man to de Noblesse. - Scene. The House of Lords.
Description. - A Guillotine, which is placed on the Throne; the royal Chairs being removed, pour accomoder les Etrangers, *BRACKETED* To accommodate the Strangers. Two Turkish Mutes, with strangling Bowstrings, each his hand on his Mouth, stand as Supporters. The House empty of Peers. On a Board is written,  OPEN>> Solitudinem faciunt, Pacem appellant
They *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> create Solitude, and call it Peace
Confusion to all Order
Me like not de Omen; destroy it.
This is an easier Way of getting Preferment than de English Way.
Un Commandant en Chef *BRACKETED* The Commander in Chief, in his full Republican Uniform, pointing at the Mace says,  OPEN>> Here take away this Bauble; but if there be any Gold on it, send it to my Lodging.
known only to the deeply initiated
The King! as drank in 95.
Old Tom of Oxford
Fishing Net
Scollop shell
Tulips
Pearl Oyster, or Sweet Meat
Fish hooks or Crabs Claws
Beware of Men Traps
Tax
*BRACKETED* x Officio
cit
Paid For
I'll smoke you Young Man with a vengeance - to make me pay three farthings addition in an ounce of Tobacco - I say it is a burning Shame - a very mean affair - a very Petty affair indeed!
For Heavens Sake Mr Bull, give over - you'll absolutely Smother me.
Whitbreds Entire
Duchess of Oldenburgh
Oldenburgh bonnet
Mesds Aladensky & Volochousky
Prince Gagarin
Is the Coast clear? thus do I shew my Love, but not my Truth, the Bulletein of the day say's I am Ill, confined & hoarse - the only Fever which I feel is Love - rich luscious Love - such Love as mine & thine.
oh Glorious Love, when kindred souls unite - now undisturberd *BRACKETED* we'll revel & be free.
Love's Labor Lost Act 5th
The Double Disguise
The Fatal Marriage
The School for Scandal
Claret
Burgundy
Un Pacquet de Chansons
Road to preferment
Tweed
Famine
My Sons lett Intrest be your God & crouch beneath the premiers nod Nor lett the loss of honest name Impede your daring rise to fame.
Over the water & over the lee & over the water to . . . *BRACKETED* .
Instructions for Members of P------t
Thanks to my Wise Nephew for this journey
Pillula Salutarian
Usurped Power
Great Britain
West Indies
Malta
Egypt
East Indies
Ordonnances
Riot Act
We shall Read the riot act
Old Prices
Harris will but Kemble won,t
No Kembles No more insults
Kemble remember the Dublin Tin Man
No Foreign Sofas
Iohn Bull against Iohn Kemble
No Catalani
Old Prices
No Italian Private Boxes
£6000 for Caterwauling
Catalani
Me Yo
No Catalani!! Mountain— Billington, and Dickons for ever
Ol Price for ever No caterwauling
Old Prices No Catalani
Statement— £ Subscribed — £80-000 Fire Office — 50-000 Old Materials — 25-000 155-000 New Theatre —— 150-000 Managers of it —— 5-000
John Bull
No Catalani No Pigeon Holes Old Prices No Private Boxes
Off Off Off Off
...there's none that can match him for talent and skill
Town Talk
Senators! the glorious success of our Arms, has forced me to give way to the impulse of quitting the field of honour, that I might have the satisfaction of presenting to my faithfull Senate the glorious trophies of our Victories, Senators! your resless, envious, enemies, shall be humbled to the dust, your Emperor wills it so, this Arrogant confederacy shall be punished for their temerity, and our brave Soldiers shall repose in peace. Senators! for this purpose I shall require the small Sum of 25.00000 a sum the flourishing state of our finance will easily produce—and to replace the Vacancy made in my Army 500'000 from the consciptions *BRACKETED* of 4 Years to come will be all that I demand, Frenchmen the will of your Emperor and the Glory of the great Nation requires it.
Thats right my Boy Humbug them out of another Conscription, to send me before you come yourself!
Great Emperor of the Great Nation the Senate devotes the lives and property of the People to your service.
Ces't *BRACKETED* dire un peu trop cela!
What has he done with the last Grand Army, that he wants so many again!
They are gone to see how their friends in Russia do.
Bavaria
Why these trophies belong to our allies ces't drole cela!
Another Russian buisiness depend upon it.
Some are short and some are tall  OPEN>> But it's very well known that he hums them all,  OPEN>> And then sings fal de ral tit
*BRACKETED* ere lie *BRACKETED* he Remains *BRACKETED* Mr F------s India Bill
India Bill
Patronage
it was opposed by a sencless Yell
Compare the two
a bold Measure characteristic of the Movers Mind
Vox Populi
Lie still if youre wise youll be d if you rise
A Catalogue Raisonné of the Select Collection of Engravers of an Amateur
5 Pence Each
Connoisseur
1 Penny each
Vot caught the Sovereign, the original to be seen at Scott's Oyster Rooms 1. Southampton Street, Strand, London.
Catholic
I Geo. King, Proprietor of the Oyster Beds
2 Peter the Dredgerman
3 Arthur Cad to the Proprietor
4 Woman vot open'd the Oyster
5 The Watchman to the Sovereign
Magna Charta
Let Britania's Friends be Britons Choice
5298 The Spanish Fleet totally defeated off Gibraltar Jany 16 1780
4257 Votes purchas'd. I brought the news from America of the taking of Charles Town
A
A Devil looking over Lin------n
We must guard against bribary
200 Plumpers . . Liberty & Freedom
Volunteers Fox
The Honble Mr F's Friends presents comps to Lord L------& his modest abettors and desires to know why Justice H------should interfere
4878 Reynard for ever
Ye free born Electors of Westminster City Derry Down.. . .
Lincoln
Procter
Providence
Sublime Descendant of Happyness, incline thine ear to the Petition of thy poor Patient worn out Oppressed I. Bull, who humbly Prayeth thee that thou would'st in the first place - Exert thy Influence and be the means of restoring to me again those lost Liberties & Privilages I have been so Basely rob'd of, & that you would'st be pleased also, to put a speedy stop to cruel Monopolizing - & e'er it be long send me thy attendant Plenty, to comfort me & my long suffering numerous Family, & may that Horrid Demon Discord never return again
Thy Prayer shall be fulfill'd. Plenty admits thee into all her Blessings, her pace is slow, but sure
Gin
Indeed I was *BRACKETED* am Indisposed Upon my Honor.
My poor Dear little Pickle Bl--t the Lubbers I wish I had them Lashd fast to the main Rigging I'd give them a Dozen a piece.
Off - Off - Off - Off - Off.
Never mind Brother I'll Clap her
Clarkes Block
Parsons Block
Docter's Block
Lawyers Block
Oh Absolom My Son My Son—hadst thou Wore a Wig this neer . . .
Mock Turtle
1818
1820
March 1820
Atkins
Bridges
Burdett
Hobhouse
Lamb
Indian Plunder
Blood
Do make haste I'm sure I heard a noise.
Don't be alarmed friend Hare its only the Doctors coming for the body you are a young hand at it, and have not seen such black deeds as I have, the old man will die easy for he has been long ailing.
COMMONS
"They of Rome are enter'd in our Counsels Sh.
Come I sha—Open the door vill ye—I vants to come in—and heres a shentlemans a friend of mines—vants to come in too—dont be afeard—I dont vant a sheat for nothing—I can pay for it So help me Got.
Saute pour le Roi *BRACKETED* .
M. Mrs les Démons laissez moi donc.
Non tu dansera tu sautera *BRACKETED* .
Nous sommes payés pour te faire danser.
Lottery Assurance Office
Policy N° 45
Come, give me the money - Dam it I'll try once more
Duplicat *BRACKETED* a Coat 2 6
N° 342
Money lent
Purse, Pawnbroker
Anthony Parkes
Take Notice. A Provision for life may be gained by a 6d Chance
Pretty Plans
Riches Now or Never
Solid Acres ...
Terra firma
An Eligible Plan ...
Read Judge and Compare ...
20 Tickets may be gained If...
Earth Balloons...
An important consideration ...
300 I may be gained if...
No ... at this office
... A Caution
Lottery Clubs
Observe the Amicable Society ...
A rational Mode...
Affluence ...
lottery chances
A New Song, to the Tune of Galloping dreary Dun. A Lott'ry we have and each has a Chance, Handle the Cole's the fun, Tho
Nascenti Puero
Georgius
Fredericus
Georgius II
The Wit's Magazine
long-nosed clergyman
snub-nosed old maid
299
Caricature Magazine
F
Needs must when Well— Drives.
Kim up Motley—keep together odd Rat *BRACKETED* ye—or I'll lay it into ye!!
I say Arthur, you are the Man Wot can make'm go, if you like!!
Windsor Castle
Wellington & Co.
G R 1829
John Eldon Rubbish Carter
Anti-Catholic Petetions
cad
There's a Guard for the Sovereign eh!!!
Windsor
To London
BILLINGSGATE
Meteor
a free born Englishman
what's the Devil coming for me before my time
Open the door you Gamblers
be quick Gents I'm over power'd
O Reynard the Hounds are after you in full cry
by Jupiter open the back door the Justice is here
pray help gentlemen
Treasury
Navy
Army
Sublime & Beautiful
Dam'd rough Sailing this, I shall never be able to keep my Seat till the 27th July
President
Balaam, Œconomy, Secretary.
Crown & Royal Bob
John Bull Good Entertainment
Poor John Bull's House plunder'd at Noon Day
Tis Liberty Tis Liberty, Dear Liberty alone
Blucher Drum Stick
Schwarzenberg Drum Stick
The Downfall of Paris
Paris
Scourge
Celestial Visitation
The Art of Humbuging—Cha I
Bible
Don't be frightend Joany it only me I'm always at work for you.
List of the Sealed
Wonders Wonders Wonders
Marvel Ye People
A Treatise on the Cure of Insane Persons
Virgin Water
Fear not it is I Drink this and quicken your Conceptions.
Rum
Brandy
The Tribes to be Conducted by Shiloh to T. . . .
Tribe of Juda
Tribe of Issachar
Tribe of Zebulan
Well must we tell de Shinagog can you shee little Shiloh.
No tish all behind the Screens but de Spirit was work I smell de punch.
Aron
Moses
Smith on the Prophetic Writers
Divine Judgement on guilty Nations
Passports to Heaven five shillings each or two for Seven
my Expartner Carpenter
my Enlightened Journeyman Tozer
Tozer lath render
The great Prophet Brothers
"Black spirits and white,  OPEN>> Blue spirits and grey,  OPEN>> Come mingle you that mingle may.
Scourge
Oh, my de-a-r la-dy.
He must be sav'd—for on my life, / He hath a very pretty wife. / And, chief commander of our Forces / You know he buys me all my horses / Pull away Fred.
Saved by a woman! how many have we known that have been disgraced by one? *BRACKETED* —well here goes.
Conspiracy
Sentance
Evidence
Ora et Labora
FINIS
Adjut Geners Office
Aye Aye you may sheathe up Gentlemen—I have orders to extinguish you!!
I could not palm the the *BRACKETED* conspiracy on the Court Martial.
I'll henceforth to the Worcester potteries, and manufacture Jordans for your mother.
For that matter, she is well stock'd already Marqs but we may want them amongst us, for we are all going to pot.
A worse check was never presented at my old dad's in Lombard Street—I wish Palmer had let me a loan.
This is a complete Somerset.
This is as bad as charging up Hill—.
Aye, Aye; I thought the Old Soldier was too good a rider to be unhorsed.
I will purchase your casht off shentlemen.
Levy. Samult at the sign of the King of Hanover deals in cash
Restrictions
Board of Control
House of Commons
Monopoly
Ambition
Patronage
Imbecility
Ne Sutor Ultra Crepidam
Military Oeconomy
Civil Extravagance
Native Imposition
New Charter
Rupees
Blunders
Nature of Treatise *BRACKETED* not Complied With
Bonds Unpaid
Minutes of Council
Secret Correspondence
Civil Expenditures
Applications for redress Unanswered
Debts
Letters from Court of Directors
Cotton Returned
Complaints not Forwarded
Oppression
Interest
Selfishness
Duplicity
Independence
Indignation
Combustible | Vox Populi
The Grand Match
I support the Bill and yet the people broke my windows
That's because you have lent your assistance to so many parties, that the people did not know which you had finally attach'd yourself to
Drops of Comfort for the Duke of Cleveland
Never mind that slap Marquis - the Dukedom will set all that to rights again
A regular dowse of the chops though
Constitutional Drops
Go it Derry- Only keep your temper and I'll match you against the great W *BRACKETED* ig *BRACKETED* - That's it, smash his day lights it's only giving a little of the Lex Talionis
Give it him Derry
1
6
Bishop of Eider Down
My back Settlements I fear will not secure me from a discovery
God bless me what a discovery! Yes; yes, it is certainly the Q------s A------!
Wright of Maryland
Revenge
I'll have you tuck'd up at the yard Arm, you rascal for daring to fire upon His Majestys barge.
Damn you Majesty & your furbillo'd hat.
60$ a month is worth a wet Jacket any time
Give us your fist my brave fellow you were rather too nimble for us
Dont be firing here & be D------d to you
I wish we had a Congress to Hansel us ye Dollars
Bear a hand shipmates or I'll be swamp'd too.
Ki massa I grad fo go long you my nooung massa been read say inney paper massa Wright gwine gie me 200 Dollah.
Bie my sowl I'll go wid ye for 60 dollarhs a munt.
you shant go Nat sister Nabby will cry dreadfully if you be not to home.
Leave me be Ned our marchents wunt give me 60$ wages.
Rascals
I say Old crooked knuckles why heave the skillet overboard?
You'd best make no difficulty with my people, for there's a bill before Congress, to shoot every Englishman at 200$ pr head.
vis-à-vis
cork rump
Now I must associate
Associations for preserving Liberty & Property against Republicans & Levellers
Plan of a new Constitution
Loyalty
Association of the Dissenters
As the Cards are against us we had better join the Clubs
NB This Game should be play'd with all the Knaves of the Pack
Gentlemen I am very happy to see you here, in such Talents my People must have the most Implicit Confidence, & well as myself - Hum, don't like the Mixture. -  OPEN>>  The new Ministers say simultaneously *BRACKETED* :  OPEN>> We assure your M------of our most confirmed Integrity, & are determined to make the - the the most of our places.
a Promising Scene
honi soit
To an Auction an honest Hibernian went And to Knock 'em down's Rhet'rick was very intent, Who of Puffs made a brilliant Display;  OPEN>> May I bid what I plase
To be sure Sir
Then I bid you
a Good Day.
To Bulstrode thro
The New Fly | From St James's Street. | To the Land's End | performed *BRACKETED* by *BRACKETED* & Co.
P.
Loan
Per varios praeceps Casus rota volvitur Ævi
Reform Bill.
Parl. Hist
Last Journals
Such was the love of Office of the noble Lord, that finding he would not be permitted to mount the Box, | He had been content to get up behind, vide the Duke of C------. . . s's Speech Morning Chronicle 15th April
he particularly arraigned the conduct of Lord North, and said that not being able to get again upon the state coach-box, he had been content to get up behind.
Parl. Hist
Curtain of Futurity
Liberty
Ruins of the ancient British House of Parliament Destroy'd An D° *BRACKETED* 1784 1785 &c.
Altar of Slavery erected in a few years By the Unhappy Politician
Ist Step Dissolving the of the *BRACKETED* Parliament of the People
2nd A Venal majority in a packd Parliament
3rd An Open Violation of the rights of Election
Manchester Remonstr *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> .  OPEN>> Magna Cha *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Statut *BRACKETED* British
Liberty of the Press
The day is mine in spite of your Petitions.
Duplicity W. Blifil
Petition for redress
Who killed Cock Robin? A Satirical Tragedy . . . on the Manchester Blot!!! London Printed and Published by John Cahuac, 53, Blackman Street, Southwark, 1819.
Molloy sweep & nightman
Drury Court
vide Military Appearances, at St Stephens & at St Cloud's, on ye day of Defiance.
Composing Draft
Stimulating Draft
who's afraid? damme? - \\ O Lord. O Lord - what a Firey Fellow he is! \\ - Who's afraid? damme? \\ O dear! what will become of ye Roast Beef? \\ damme! who's afraid? \\ O dear! O dear.
O the Roast Beef of Old England
Ah! ha, sacrè dieu! vat do I see yonder? \\ Dat look so invitinly Red & de Vite? - \\ Oh by Gar! I see 'tis de Roast Beef of Londres \\ Vich I vill chop up, at von letel bite!
Ah who's afraid now of Marching to Paris? ah who's afraid now.
who's afraid! Brother Bragg
who's afraid Brother Hely
Throughout the World, Heroes but Two wee see, Great Doctor A------, and little-Bouncing B-.
Hints to bad Horsemen
Alas what troubles oft betide, The Booby who attempts to ride
Sack
The Noblest Roman of them All!
Cannon . Law
Emancipation
Croak
Whereas a certain antient and curious Volume, has been recently discovered, and rescued from the Obscurity in which it had long lain, & brought to light under the immediate patronage of Royalty—And whereas the said discovery has made a great noise in the world, and whereas the title of this said Volume is according to the most popular authorities, Reform; while many sage persons on the contrary maintain with great zeal & pertinacity, both from the internal evidence of the work itself, & external signs, that the word means Deform, the majority however agreeing that the Book is nevertheless the Book of Fate.—and whereas sundry and divers loose leaves of the volume aforesaid, have from time to time, mysteriously disappeared an enquiry has been set on foot, from which it is collected that about the period of the Bristol Riots, some, and since the more recent affairs at Lyons, more, did suddenly vanish, which remarkable coincidence leads to the supposition that they were purloined by Incendiaries, on account of the combustible nature of the material *BRACKETED* of which the aforesaid mysterious leaves are composed. This supposition, appearing the more probable in as much as a notorious Blacking Vender *BRACKETED* , was seen about the former period, openly disposing of them, at Manchester, and other places, while a certain Irish dealer in Law & Agitation *BRACKETED* , who was set on to watch him, is now suspected of playing the same game, altho
May you never, never rise! By treachery to gain the prize Thus I treat you with contempt Until pass  OPEN>> d actions you repent. As I was trusted with the Key I meant to pick their bones quite free But Fox the keenest of his race Has thus o'erturn'd me with disgrace.
an Example of the New reciprocity System.
Tim . . ., Wellington Master
The Tide runs strongly against us & the Harrison indicates an approaching storm
Steer your course as I directed & you will bring your Vessel safe to port.
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Have mercy, Heavn! ha! soft—'twas but a dream; But then so terrible it shakes my soul: . . . I cannot bear the thought, nor dare repent.
The Man wot wiolates the Grave
When in the gout - receiving the ruinous salutation of a muscular friend *BRACKETED* who, seizing your hand in the first transports of a sudden meeting, affectionately crumbles your chalky knuckles with the gripe of a grappling iron; and then, further confesses his regard for you, by greeting your tenderest toe with the stamp of a charger
pro-English Dutchman
Portsm. *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , represented by a coast-line and group of buildings. Off the coast is the word  OPEN>> Byland
Lisbon
Berbic., Curac, St Eust., K. Bon Esp
Cato Batavus
The lion attacked by cunning and force
English bank notes to show that the money which he draws from that Court, and the capital that he has in the bank of London is to induce him to sacrifice his country to a foreign power which is injuring her.
établissements
the English have been, are, and will be our best allies, we are in their debt; the trade with which they furnish us makes us prosperous, it is even for our good that they capture our ships, which are destined for France, they know better than we, that we harm ourselves by trading with France. Do you not see, that should we be headstrong enough to neglect our interests which they understand better than our blind rulers, they will take away the Cape of Good Hope, Surinam, St. Eustatius, Curaçoa, de Molukken &c, and all our merchant ships ? They suppose that we have reason to complain of the English, but the English might rightly complain of us, who have the audacity to desire the independence of our colonies.
He sees with fury that the Dutch lion is getting up after he had thrown him down, yet he sees in the distance a crowned woman *BRACKETED* and this holds him in awe.
He is not yet recovered from his fall, yet he is in a fit state to defend himself, whenever the leopard attacks him again.
takes Neptune's trident from the Dutch lion, yet flatters him, in order to bind him to the same fetters with which he holds Portugal in chains
to give the Dutch the illusion that our interests are the same, we have cleverly managed that they have invested a great part of their money in our funds. Although we cannot withhold payment from them, without losing our credit, which is our only support, yet nevertheless we shall continually make them fear our bankruptcy in order to hold them to our interests. In order the better to show them that their interests are ours, we have taken from them their sceptre of the seas, New York, Pouleron, Sillebar *BRACKETED* &c. and our Navigation Act has transferred into our hands much of their trade. To bring them the better under our yoke we shall, by our persistency, make them afraid of the Papacy and the tyranny of the House of Bourbon, thus we shall gradually make them believe that we are the sovereign of the seas, that we keep them all blockaded, and at the same time are in all corners of the world, on land as well as at sea, that nothing is so much to be feared as a universal monarchy.
Nieuw Jork Pouleron Acte Navig *BRACKETED* Sillebar.
Falst., Duyn., Chat., Dov., Nieuwp., Van Gal., Ruit., Trom., Everts
the names that are so terrible to the English
Chat.
you contend that France and Spain are decadent and that intolerance and tyranny and the Universal Monarchy will rise up anew. How is it that they have been able to take Grenada, St Vincent, Domingo, Florida, &c. from the English? How is it that they have the reckless policy, for tyrants, of supporting the independence of America? You say that the English will soon take away our over-seas possessions, how comes it that they let all theirs be taken from them? . . .
Hanzee
disturbed at the arrogance *BRACKETED* of the English, wishes to restore the freedom of the seas by an alliance between the neutral powers
the United Provinces depicted as the Dutch Maid
to cut to pieces the bond which joins the allied powers
shows the absurd stupidity of the author of the Awakened Lion and of those who have not realized that this alliance is to the great advantage of France and was perhaps the fruit of her statecraft
Florida
which he has captured from the English
Granada, St Vincent, Dominique
the places won from England
the hat of freedom
N. America
Oath of Allegiance
Church
Catholic Rent roll
Hurra! boys, Long life to the King! hide your weapons under rags, ye Spalpeens 'till I'll tell ye's to use them—Hurra! boys—down wid the heretics!!!
Order of Liberators
To Clare
To London
No faith Kept with Heretics
Bl—dy murder to the rogue who dares to oppose Catholic Emancipation!
The divil a mother's son of us but would stick a pike into the guts of the first Man in the Kingdom who refuses it!
Suit the Action to the Word—
Persecution
Arrah! be aisey honey—till we'll get emancipation—then we'll let ye loose on the Heretics
O'Connel for ever and Down with the heretics!
Treasury
Thus far and no further
Resolv'd
Despotism
Aristocracy
Jure divino
Prerogative
Pro me
Royal Primer
My Honor
Pro Patria
Unanimity
Press
Ex-Officio
"Hope I dont intrude—but always carry a Gimblet—Ex-Officio—lets one see what folks are about—
This Gentleman is engaged to take the General business— a sort of Paul Pry—or Peeping Tom has been but a short time on the establishment—No great favourite with the Critics—absolutely given some of them the Scarlet fever lately
who served in the Peninsular & other Campaigns—must be rode without a Curb as he is not used to restraint & will kick at it—he comes from a notorious Stock & is through bred—will not be warranted Sound—must be taken with all his faults—& must be Sold.
LOT 1
GR
Mint Sauce Constitutional Restorative
What pleasure we find in pursuing the Fox
Huzza
Stern
The Traitor is seised on -
and dies
Mac
Bel
Huzza
Grah------
Ba------m
Hollo Boys, Huzza
Love & Honor
Plan for Limiting the Freedom of Election
Club
Constitution
London
conjuror
Phantasmagoria
My Dear Brother - recieve this Fraternal Embrace out of pure affection!
Zounds Brother you'll squeeze me to death - besides I find my side of the raft is sinking very fast! -
What a Prussian Cake I was to listen to him - I am afraid I shall never recover it.
John Bull's Blood
£10000 pr An
£60000 pr An
Treasury
Ah! Diable ces't *BRACKETED* le Dieu de la Guerre!
To King Joseph: I have to inform Your Majesty of the defeat of. . . Marmont.
Vite Monsieur Joe if we leave you behine Monsieur Nap make us go sleep!
Vite! Vite! or by gar dat dam Bull dog vill put your Majesty in Check and let all de cats out of de bags.
Thus shall the hand of Wellington arrest all sacrilegious, upstart, Tyrannic Monarchs, and restore to the injured their rights and Lawfull Sovereign!
Ah you Scoundrels I'll pay you of some old scores for King Ferdinand!
ah Mon Dieu quel Sacrilage.
Fidei coticula Tactus
Angel Fetter Lane Derby Diligence continues flying daily as usual. Inside *BRACKETED* Outsides & Children on the Lap half price, perform'd (if God permit by Bull & Co
French Liberty, British Slavery
AUX HONNÊTES GENS DE TOUS LES PAYS Cette Gravure représente la France sous la forme d'une Autruche, qui a eu le malheur dans sa premiere ponte de ne dormer que des monstres tels que Marrat, Carrier, Roberspierre, Jn Le Bon &c. &c. &c. que le retour de la Justice du neuf Thermidor a en quelque sorte fait disparoitre; tout nous fait espérer qu'elle continura *BRACKETED* a nous délivrer de cette espéce de fleau. L'Autruche plus heureuse dans sa seconde ponte n'offre que des amis de la paix, du bonheur universel et de la tranquilité des nations. Un Anglois dont l'embonpoint annonce une existence bien nourrie occupé à manger, est frappé de cet heureux changement et en témoigne sa surprise. La Justice dit Monstres vous êtes anéantis pour jamais! Le Francois - Europe! voila nos seuls vœux. L'Autruche - Que je répare Men aujourd'hui mes torts L'Anglois - Goddem! Go on
Hare. Come, shall we kill *BRACKETED* him as he sleeps?
Hare. Where's thy Conscience now. | Burke. In the Anatomist's *BRACKETED* purse
Tree of Liberty
A thing of no bowels - *BRACKETED* - from the crown to the toe, top full Of direst cruelty *BRACKETED* —His Realm a slaughter-house *BRACKETED* The swords of soldiers are his teeth— *BRACKETED* Iron for *BRACKETED* Naples hid with English gilt *BRACKETED* Shakspeare
50,000
What! does her Husband pray her to go and sin no more? No. Go and indulge your appetites; continue your adulterous intercourse; and you shall be furnished with ample means . . .
Orator Hunt
Petition of Right
November 15th SPA FIELDS, Decr 2nd 1816.
"I well know the superiority of mental over physical force; while we have the power of exercising the former we cannot be justified in resorting to the latter
rigged out
Gum Elastic
Japan Old China
Tea
coniac
Otto or *BRACKETED* Roses
Souchon
Congo
arrack
Black Jack
Wishing Cap
French Commercial Treaty
Methuen Treaty
politic mad
Liberty
A Prince should not be limited
Secret Influence
Cavendo tutus
Fox
No Tax on Maidenheads no Wray
Memoirs
This Work does not suit my Fancy. Ah William every one must be cursed that like thee takes a Politic Mad Wife
Letters to Married Women
Your Votes are requested for C. J. Fox
To St Stephens
This is the True Whig
No court Cacklers - Jack for ever
Club Law
To preserve the Peace
The Navy & Hood
This is the True Whig
Treasury
England
Ireland
"I felt such indignation, that I had the greatest difficulty to restrain myself from calling on the Right Honble Gentleman to retract his words.
St—I—y that is capital! my_ flourish. I mean the lie prospective, which I gave them all the other night—was mere moonshine to it—
Buonaparte led on by Ambition, seeks ye conquest of ye World.
Empreur *BRACKETED* Napoleon Honor
Discomfitted at Leipsic he flies from Death.
Overtaken by Retribution he trembles for ye future, while ye shades of those whom he has Murder'd appear to his disordered Vision, and Death digs his Grave!!!
Justice
De Enghien
Toussant
Pichegrew
Wright
Palm
blue devils
Napoleon
Wheel
I've got the Devil & all upon my Back
ay never mind George'e lad we shall have a rare Crew in at last.
F------x
Nor----h
Duke of Port------and
Well Well Charley Ill help you and you shall hold me fast in my Place
But what can I do? my late tumble hath Crippled me quite & I have not got money enough to buy a pair of Crutches
Kep------ll
Bur------e
Zooks I can no longer suffer Hungary Guts & empty Purse fol de rol
Sing Tantarara Rogues all.
Lord Shel------ne
Look what a crush a Pretty decent Tumble
Im almost kil'd
its all over with us my Lord
The Tower of Babel with Confusion of------to be seen without loss of Time or Let at a moderate rent not a mile from Westminster Hall...
Wanted 100 good recruits for a new regiment just. . .  OPEN>> . The third is illustrated by three figures: the devil *BRACKETED* with a pitchfork, a skeleton *BRACKETED* , and Fame *BRACKETED* blowing her trumpet; beneath in large letters is inscribed  OPEN>> Wonders Wonders Wonders ... Astonish ... World
He'll play you all the puppets i'the town over, and the players, every company, and his own company, too. He spares nobody.—Ben Jonson.
Punch's Shew-Up
House of Commons
Thus I dissolve ye------ Thus thy parts being disunited, the effects will be less pernicious to my Constitution
Popular Spirit
At a general meeting of this Society, it was resolv'd by a Majority of Independent members, that any member may be Indulg'd with having the Key brought him, by his Servant or hand-maid, but on no pretence whatever be followd by that bane of good fellowship calld the White Sergeant.
Ist No Gemman to be a member of this Society who cannot smoke three pipes at one sitting - NB no Spitting 2d No members pipe to be more than 14 Inches nor less than nine unless permitted so to do by the Landlady 3d Every member to find his own Stopper 4th Any member who puffs designedly in the face of another, to be find sixpence or be puff'd at in return by the whole company 5th All fines to be spent in Porter T. Twig Secy
Exit Garrick - Kemble - Cooke
Veni. Vidi Vici.
Times
Morning Chronicle
True Briton
Sunday Observer
Herald
Roscius!
Account of the Profits of the Bubble
Petition of the Renters for a Share in the profits of the Bubble
Carlo
The Caravan
Drury Lane Strong Box
Forty Thieves
Materials for bran-New Pantomimes for Johnny Bull's Amusement
To be repeated the first opportunity
Bottle Conjurer
The Wonderful Red Lion, of surpassing Abilities - to be seen within.
In a few Days, will be Perfom'd - a new Comic Divertisment, called The Bubble-burst, accompanied bv Laughing Song by John Bull.
Ssssss
-Vide. New method of Raising ye Wind
*BRACKETED* agoon
Damme Jack lets have a game of football
With all my heart, kick him up Tom
Refutation of Dr Price
Murder, fire, thieves
Make room for the Apostle of Liberty
God assisting us nothing is to be feared
And when they had smote the Shepherd, the Sheep were scattered
Love of our Country
The Flame of Liberty
39 Articles
Places under Government to be disposed of. NB, Several Faro and E.O. Tables in good Condition
day next charity sermon by Revd chas Fox
30.000
10.000
20.000.
Brotherly Love
Repeal of the Test Act
P------ly
Make haste to pull down that old Whore and we'll build a new one in its place
Address to Assemblee national
Junto
To have all power in ye one hand, & all profit in ye other, & yet not to be obeyed, is Oh, Grief of Griefs.
I depended on Horne & the Lottery
To B. Smith Liveryman.
Half a dozen would not have been Sufficient.
Damn ye Blockheads, they know not their own Interest
They have not half your Wisdom.
I would rather engage with ye whole House of l------s *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ;  OPEN>> I cannot call it Virtue, but a stubborn Brutality, to refuse such offers; Something must be done, lest they should be another Mordecai, & gall ye pride of a------
Quousque tandem abutere, Catilina, patientia nostra? quamdiu etiam
furor iste tuus nos eludet? &c &c
There is the Keys, I feel no shame any more than my betters and take this advice, - When you censure the Age, Be cautious and sage, Lest the Courtiers offended should be. If you mentio *BRACKETED* Vice or Bribe T'is so pat to all the Tribe Each, will cry that was levell'd at me.
En't you ashamed to deny it
He has no shame in him
Aye! Aye! there is evidently bribery and Corruption in the buisnss, you must resign the Keys, and the young Gentleman must go to Quod, as well as Master Mac.
By G- the Baronet *BRACKETED* was righ tho
I say, Georgey how do Things look now?
Ax my Grandmother's Muff, pray do!
O charming! - charming!
Brandy
Excellent! - damme Georgey, Excellent.
Bravo! the best Thing I ever heard said, damme.
Mum
Champaig *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Above Courtenay's head is a picture of a simian creature in a cap of Liberty, squatting on the ground and smoking a pipe. The frame is inscribed  OPEN>> Juvenal
Junto
The Body Of Constitution Basely Murdered *BRACKETED* A set Of Villians Burke Hare Pope and C°.
Alas! Alas! that I should live to see this day, to witness the fall of all that was honest, faithful, and truly British in the cold blooded murder of my poor husband, the villians they will find out their error, when the Smithfield fires burn, when the punishment they deserve shall fall upon them, then they will lament the day they committed the crime, and find the want of a faithful servant, Alas! Alas! to admit a crowd of hungry papists into the division of the loaves and fishes, places, pensions, we used to keep to reward our fellow servants, it is too bad, I a poor lone Old woman have nothing left but lie me down and die.
Old Womans Petition against Concession 100 000 000 signed by Mrs Baggs Mrs Fubbs . . .
Het tegenwoordig verward Europa
You have no Fire in your Pipe, my dear Darby
It has been out long ago, lovey, but I like to whiff with an agreeable companion, what the children call make believe!
cit
Atlantic
America
Dr Franklin
England's Sun Setting
Ann. Reg.
Last Journals
my Lords and Gentlemen, what should I do
Lord Thurlow
Follow the Voice of the People
Lord Mansfield
Fallo your own Inclanation Ye can do no wrong
Charles Fox
Keep Peace on any Terms
D. of Richmond
I have made 10,000 Saving in Sand Bags & Wheel Barrows
Ld Shelburne
I found ye in a Ruinous State and will quito you so
Edmund Burke
nothing but deminishing your Expences and discarding old Servants, Will Save this Kingdom
B------k on Œconomy
Last Journals
Lord North
I thought to have had America at our Feet, but I see tis Otherwise
Lord Nugent
Give the Old Rat of the Constitution leave to offer a few words.
Mr Sheridan
Mr Pitt
The next play I write, intend giving you a place in the Character of the Angry School Boy
Lord Keppel
If the French had Stay'd till I drub'd them, this Bustle never would have happend
Lord Ashburton
Hem, Hem, aye my lord the 27th of July 1778, might have done you Immortal Honor.
Lord Amherst
Gentlemen we have no further occasion for you.
Peace------Peace------ P---E---A---C
Alas poor Country, almost afraid to know itself - Macbeth
cit
You see Johnny I dont like to Squander away your money I won't have any more Clarks I wont go to Valencienes any more Ill run nothing but real Dandies there's a Saveing for you Johnny only £10000 a year for hearing the Doctors Reports & pay all my Traveling Expences I gave Mr Johnston £8 for this Charger the Cheapest I could get theres Economy for you you'l live in Clover now.
Dang it Mistir Bishop thee art saveing indeed thee used to ride in a Coach and Six now I pay thee 10.000 a year more thee art Rideing a wooden Horse for all the world Like a Gatepost
Commander in Chief of the Provincial Army against Quebec
I pray for all
I plead for all
I maintain all
I fight for all
I take all
Nouveaux Costumes
A ha! - dere my Friend, I fit you to de Life! - dere is Libertè - no tight Aristocrat Sleeve, to keep from you do, vat you like! - aha! begar, dere be only want von leetel National Cockade to make look quite a la mode de Paris!!
Liberty! - quoth'a! - why sound I can't move my Arms at all! for all it looks woundy big! - ah! damn your French Alamodes, they give a man the same Liberty as if he was in the Stocks! - give me my Old Coat again, say I, if it is a little out at the Elbows.
Membre du Directo *BRACKETED* , Cornell des Anciens, Ministre, Conseil des 5 Cents, Juge------, Administrat ...
Les Regles pour les Modes
Vive la Libertè
John Dinely
How happy will a Lady be To have a little Baronet, to dandle on her Knee
I do hereby declare this New Edition of my last Address to the Ladies, to be a true Copy, and that Mr. C. Knight hath my Authority to publish the same as an Embellishment to my Portrait / John Dinely / Windsor Castle, October 23rd, 1799
Place
To Order Boys.
GPR / Sovereign / of the / Pole
Log Book
Grog
Plan of the Ice . . .
Red Snow balls for P.R
Come Push on Mr Bruin or we shall have the snow balls run through the basket.
Blue Snow for PR
Polar Ice for PR
Polar Iron for PR
Dogs to be killed to save the Nation the expence of feeding, and stuff'd with straw for the British Museum
Why Jack your Bear has a mind to turn gentleman and walk upon two legs like Christian Bears!
Tooth of the Mamoth
Fifteen six—a flush, and his whig, makes me out—pon honor *BRACKETED* 'tis really astonishing— You are not in luck.
Prodigious!! then I am diddled again!— Monstrous! Oblige me with a pinch of your mixture or I shall expire!
My Papa!
History
The Coin Act
This Coin Act will fully employ them to take of their attention to my immaculate Ministry
Hoot awa ye Scum of the Earth I'll teach ye doctrine of Subordination
twos kind to help little Pinchy to a new Trade
I am always sure of my Friends here
I hope my Lord you will secure me for the City again
let them get a Bank in Air or muckle penny Notes
Letters
this will plague the Loons & humble their pride
You Maccaronys are light Chaps yr Gold may be as light as yourself I'll weigh first
*BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  Brougham, in wig and gown, in profile to the right, and Londonderry clasp hands. The latter, his left hand pointing to Brougham, says:  OPEN>> You wonder why I shake hands with him, I'll tell you the reason. you know our friend, Farren, in the farce, tells us that we all have our John Jones, now it has just occurred to me, that this is my John Jones. It is only consistant therefore that I should treat him thus: if he insinuates that I am a fool I praise his superior talents, when he treats me with contempt, I make a Colossus of him, & crouch under his Legs *BRACKETED* .—Should I ask him a question that I have a strict right to put to him and he either evades it & tells me that he is the most industrious man in the world, or something equally irrelevant, or perhaps refuses me any answer & tells me not to  OPEN>> bother
Madam will you honor me with your hand at the Lord Mayors Ball
With a great Deal of pleasure Mr Alderman.
By gar John English you have well Crumb'd my dish
my peace soup is made very good by Stewing down Minorca & the Floridas
my loss is your gain for my Soup is very Thin
I rest Contented with a dish of Independant Soup
I will not taste it yet as it is not relish'd to my mind
Taste it Mynheer 'tis better than you deserve
On packing up your clothes for your journey, because your servant is a fool, the burning fever into which you are thrown when after all your standing, stamping, kneeling, tugging and kicking, the lid of your trunk refuses to approach within a yard of the lock.
4th Plate,—I was made Sarjeant-Major, and Clerk, to the Regiment, and there being only One Man in it, besides myself, who could read, or keep himself sober, *BRACKETED* . I constituted him my Deputy;—being intrusted with the care of the Regimental-Books, the Corporal and myself *BRACKETED* —purloined, and Copied by night such Documents as promised to be serviceable in the great National Object which I had in view:— namely, to Disorganize the Army, preparatory to the Revolutionizing it altogether!— —Vide—my Own Memoirs in the Political Register of 1809.
Regimental Account of Provisions —Cloaths—Accoutrements. 51st Regt—Bread—Meat—Potatoes
Regimental Orders. 51st Royal Regt—Ordered,—that none but trusty Persons shall have Access to the Regimental Books and Accounts—N.B. the Keys are left in the possession of Serjt Majr Cobbett
Regimental Book
Army-Extraord *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> 51st Regiment
Cash Account
Provision Acct
Lord Edwd Fitzgerald
Rebellion
Wm Cobbett's Private Box
Copies of the Regimental Accounts
Cuttings from the Regimental Books
Scraps for Court Martial
Stolen Documents for to make Grounds for Charges
Army Ac . . .
Pay-Office
Regimental Book—Cash account 51st Reg.—Wm Cobbett
for private use W. Cobbett
£200 Regimental Money 51st Regt
Extracts from the Regimental Accounts to be altered as Convenient—Willm Cobbett J Bestland
Robberies of the Mens Provisions— Witness W. Cobbett J. Bestland
Billingsgatina
Battleorum
Caricature Anglaise
N° 6
These Perpetual Motions only Vex & torment me &  OPEN>> I much Doubt
Norman-v-Humbug Theatrical Actions Arbitrations &c for Salaries of performers, Scene painters.
Royal Humbug Theatre Crouch-v-Gossip—the theatrical Wax Chandler, alias  OPEN>> Count Dip
Actions for the Humbugerian Manager's Washing Bills.
Drury Lane Theatrical Suits, under the Board of Mis-management, 1000 Actions Squabbles among the Creditors, Old & New Renters &c.
Opera house Suits Waters agt Taylor Affidavits, Motions Reports, Costs &c
God and Innocency Defend and Guard us!! Buckingham Richd III.
Catholick Bill
Pay Office
Total £300. 0. 0.
Fools Cap
Wove Post
Board of T *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  with  OPEN>> Total £300.0.0.
Full often we're Told & true it may be That two of a Trade can never agree
Some of the Rent
Riddle me Riddle me Rocket / If I can't put a crown on my Head / I stick a few in my pocket
Sneaking to Peel
Billy come here if you dare Be der powers I'll bodder your gig To send you to Hell I'll take care When I get the Popes Hat on my Wig
The Turnpike Gate a Farce
To join with Christian Jew or Turk In doing any dirty Work
Dan you're an Infamous Rogue, You're a Bully a Thief and a Liar With your blarney and bother & brogue You deserve to be broild on the fire
Two Penny Registers for Sale
Sedition, Blasphemy, Rebellion, Abuse, Deceit, Infamy
'Tis odd that you cannot agree / You're my darlings which both of you know / If you quarrel again before me / I'll be d—d but I'll take you below
He first accepted our Mechanics
Which after he refused:  OPEN>> Did this in Hume seem avaricious?
Brandy
W——ns occupation gone.
May it please Your Grace We accept it WR
Deuce take the K—g's denunciation, Deuce take the Don-Key's no-celebration, The Devil take Emancipation, The Devil take Dan's botheration. The Devil take Joe Hume's oration, And Brougham's each false allegation The Devil take Bob's degradation And Goulbourn's stupid calculation. The Devil take the population. The Devil take—Civilisation The Devil take my Resignation Ive lost Ive lost my situation
Arising from the Ashes of immaculate Joint Stock Company!!
Bill of Rights
In Obedience to your Commands I fly on the Wings of the Phoenix!
No Proof
New Reformers
No Vote
The Little Unknown
a fascinating and delicate blonde
By Robert Bloomfield
Mr Boney Party you have changed Characters pretty often & famously well & skipped about at a precious rate. But this Invasion hop is your last - we have got you snug - the Devil a Trap to get through here - your Conjuration Sword has lost its Power you have lied till you are black in the face & there's no beleiving a Word you say - so now you shall carry John Bulls Mark about with you as every Swaggerer should.
O Sacre Deiu, Jean Bull is de Very Devil
in the Earl Street Garden. An Allegory
"Behold the garden doors are shut, that no man can see us, and we are in love with thee.
Alas!  OPEN>> I am straitened \\  OPEN>> on every side, for if I do this thing it is death to me
mask mouth
Scribe
Susanna, Susanna! and is it thus you prefer Anglicanus to me, who has loved and cherished thee so long & faithfully. Alas! my soul faileth me! Susanna I would quit the world for thy sake and live with the in the wilds of Wallachia
Anglicana
Fool that I was to draw his attetion *BRACKETED* to the wining *BRACKETED* beauty of that female! I fear it will be his ruin, & me to be the remote Cause of it
Yes! yes & it is you Anglicanus, who accuses me of  OPEN>> not being squeamish, in the company or pursuits to which I give my hours of recreation
Ferdinand |  OPEN>> Mendiz Pinto, one of the impurest scenes of one \\  OPEN>> of the impurest Plays in the English language *BRACKETED* . I think I may return the compliment,  OPEN>> poor |  OPEN>> man he will say any thing but his prayers!
Brownie
"Ma conscience! Wha wad hae thought it o
Precedent
To hatch the Green Egg . . .
Whitbreads entire
Turn me Grey Gemmen if I dont read you the particulars of his curing 30,000 Patients in one day; when Brother cit. has done tumbling
An Infaliable cure for a bad constitution
Aether for Arguments
Caustics for Crimps
Mercury for Ministers
Preparations against Prosecution
Powder *BRACKETED* for Placemen
Pain for the Poor
A Rope for Reeves
Gibets for Justices
Aqua Regis for Royalists
Dis is de first Tumbler in de Vorld Gemmen, dat is Citoyen de Bedforado, who vas stand so long upon his head dat all de money vas Tumble out of his pockets; de Next is Citoyen Van Lathertalo, who's trick upon de slack rope are delightfull it is expected he vil von Day dance on de Tight Rope ha ha!!
All. All.
Liberty Hall
Book of Prayer
Map *BRACKETED* land
"Sing we, in harmony, Apollo's praise.
The Pigeons. Dedicated to all the Flats, and Showing the Artifices, Success and Crimes of Gaming, Gamesters, and Gambling Houses. . . . By the Author of the Greeks. Ninth Edition. London: Printed for J. J. Stockdale No. 41 Pall-Mall. 1817.
Greek
pigeon
Funeral Sermon
Being mounted on a beast who as soon as you have watered him on the road, proceeds very coolly to repose himself in the middle of the pond, without taking you at all into his counsel, or paying the slightest attention to your remonstrances
with a Peep at the Constitutional-Pigeon-Holes of the Abbe Seiyes - in the Back Ground
Liberté
Nouvelle \\ Constitution \\ Grand Consul Buonaparte \\ Tout en Tout Buonaparte \\ Bu . . .
Constitution pour l'Avenir: Buonaparte Grande Monarque
Confiscations
Vielles Constitutions
Droit *BRACKETED* l'Homme
Constitution of 1793
Constitution de Parade
Constitution du Sang
Constitution de Foutre
Constitution de Despotism
Constitution de Vol *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Above them is a model of a guillotine. Above the curtain is a festoon of tricolour, inscribed  OPEN>> Vive le Constitution Une et Invisible
The above are true Likenesses of Cambaceres, - Le-Brun - the Abbé Seiyes, and Buonaparte, drawn at Paris Novr 1799
messieurs avec quels Rasoirs me faite *BRACKETED* vous la barbe.
Sire Rasoir anglais
segar
swell
Articles of War
Moses
Vision
that daft unruly body Mistress Britannia . . . with her child America, and all her boasted rattles and gew-gaws such as Magna Charta, Coronation Oaths, Bill of Rights, Charters of Companies and Corporations, Remonstrances, Petitions . . .
All the miscreants and tools of State
His brows thick fogs instead of glories grace, And lambent dulness plays around his face
Scourge
and Jacob kissed Rachel Genesis . . . *BRACKETED* ,
Dear Carpenter
Mrs Joanna Southcote Vision 4
Fan *BRACKETED* Hi *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; another offers a bottle of  OPEN>> Gin
Max
Signed Gabriel 3s/6d
Capt Morris Hymns—Hymn 1st Great Plenipo
House of God ... 5 Pounds Reward
Scourge
Tickets either to these *BRACKETED* ] Pews or to Heaven 3s 6d each
Hiatus valde / Deflendus} H — / Damnation. — Madness — Fire & Brimstone Blasphemy Red Hot — Lust... } Hot water — / Lukewarm — Drowsiness } Milk / Water —
"Believe not every Spirit
cit
Oh! Oh! I see it is quite time for me to muster up all my Strength and Clear my self from those vermin or I shall be destroyed be *BRACKETED* them before Long.
10.000
It will be a D—n d bad job if the Old Man should pop off as I should lose my 10.000 Per Ann
Ich Dien
Privy Purse
Gout
For G— sake leave off C—r—h for I am afrid *BRACKETED* we have gone on too far already for if John Bull was to turn rusty it would be all over with us.
3000
Hold your tongue you fool do I not keep a Standing Army & look at the Extraordinary Red Book what a List of Paupers, besides the Fat Clergy *BRACKETED* to Suport you in Idleness & Debauchery.
£18,000
£13,100
£7500
£5000
£500
If I had known this the Beauty *BRACKETED* should have been for C—r—h and then I should have got twice as much, for I see that he is Master here & I know he longs to see Her.
Ay Ay serve it out never mind John Bull we will Preach up the Blessing of Meekness as long as you Pay us.
10,000
5000
£400
The Extraordinary Red Book
Le Doyen des Zephirs
Universal Monarchy
Austria
Hanover Brunswick Hesse
Saxony Deux Pont Mayence &c
Whilst you agree I am ready
Reigg Duke of Brunswick
Prince Ferdinand of Brunswick
Holland
Pray protect me
Russia
Poland
Tortur'd by Ambition - back'd by Brother Joseph
I am not muzzled
By the great Prophet thou art but a Woman
Holland
Mundus vult decipi
You shall not Settle without me
Oh. give me the Rock
Oh! buy my Wine
I am in the pay of France
I lay by at present
Toasts upon the Occasion
How the Mounseers stare at me! - D - n me if I dont think they take me for the Ambassador
To Pitt I made my Proposition But he rejected the Condition So I enlist with Opposition
Condition to be first Lord of the Admiralty
C F
Watch Word Peace
The Standard of Opposition.
Parl. Hist.
The Marquis of Buckingham is in direct hostility against Mr. Pitt . . . .
Corr. of W. A. Miles on the French Rev.
Hist. MSS. Comm., Dropmore MSS.
Treasury Box
My Liege I told them in the House no day so proper to settle the Regency as Charles's Martyrdom
I too am for Dispatch such days best suit our Purpose
Horn Tooke's Letter on the Princes Marriage
Containing what he does not value three skips of a louse
"Why not Debate it on Friday I say it is the only Day in the Year on  OPEN>> which it ought to be Debated *BRACKETED* and carried up in the  OPEN>> Black Box
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Devil looking over Lincoln
Mornings at Bow Street
Modern Intire
Narcotic
Here I go neck or nothing.
Come along my little boys thats my Darlings.
Deadly night shade.
Tobacco
Nux Vomica
Opium
Coculus Indicus
Thorn Apple
Hounds Tongue
Malt
Hops
Father dont take any notice of us now, he has got so many Bastards.
Od Zookers, what be I to take all those Fellows in my guts, why I shall ne'er want any more Physic.
Dedicated to those whom it may concern
A Brewer must brew and in makeing of Ale, When Quassia *BRACKETED* and Indicus Coculus fail Still rather than stop, he'll continue to brew A Caldron of Mischief to King, Church and you
a vision
. . . how came Britannia to loose *BRACKETED* Falkland Islands?
diable
diable
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Billy, in the Devil's claws
Ha! Traitor! - there's the French landed in Wales! what d'ye think of that, Traitor?
Billy, sending the Devil packing
Gazette Defeat of the Spanish Fleet; by Sir John Jarvis.
Ha! Mr Devil! - we've Beat the Spanish Fleet what d'ye think of that Mr Devil?
Society for Constitutional Information
Dedicated to all great Corporations Search Surrey, & all England over, In each House Beef & Porter sure Are Towers of strength, and best Tend, The Constitution to defend.
Extract from John Bull
Jockey of Norfolk
Resolved
Nem Con
Amen
great corporations
S H Wardour Street
How the poor Men do labour for the good of the CONSTITUTION
A Pastoral Dialogue
Magna Cha *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  and  OPEN>> Bill of Rights
The Decoy
LOWTHER
Les privilèges finiront, mais le peuple est eternel
A Delegate to the British Convention
News from Sweden
Another Monarch done over!
What ? Shot ? What ? what ? what ? Shot! shot! shot!
by D. N. Shury, No. 7, Berwick Street
Road to England
To go, or not to go ? that is the question; - Whether 'tis better for my views to suffer The ease and quiet of yon hated rival, Or to take arms against the haughty people, And by invading end them? T'invade, - to fight, - No more; and by a fight, to say, we end The envy and the thousand jealous pangs We now must bear with; 'tis a consummation Devoutly to be wish'd. T'invade, - to fight; - To fight ? - perchance be beat: aye, there's the rub; For in our passage hence what ills may come, When we have parted from our native ports, Must give us pause; for there's the respect That makes th
*BRACKETED* Alluding probably to Egypt
Sacred to Love
Miss Tender
Punch
Old Soldier
The Army List
Pug of ye Guards
The Military Coffee Room
Published according to the Articles of War, and dedicated in a Soldierlike manner by the line of point blank & recouche firing to the Widow Wadman.  OPEN>> How many Men Have spent their blood in their dear Country's Service, Yet, now, pine under want, while selfish Slaves, That e'en would cut their throats whom now they fawn on, Like deadly locusts eat the honey up Which those industrious bees so hardly toil'd for.
Lilliputians
Ladies and Gentlemen having compleated the first volume of the Caricature Magazine I am desired in the names of the Proprietors. Publisher Artists &c. as also from myself and large-long *BRACKETED* , and small headed Bretheren to return you our sincere thanks for the kind reception we have experienced, in this the commencement of our exertions, and at the same time to assure you that neither pains nor expence shall be spared to merit your future patronage, you are requested to be as early as possible in giving your orders for the first number of the second volume, for the present Ladies and Gentlemen we most respectfully take our Leave.
Sketches from Nature
Solomon in all his Glory
A Cruise to Covent Garden
The Sailors Defence.
An Irish Epitaph
Jack Junck Embarking on a Cruize
The Exciseman and the Countryman
We hop *BRACKETED* to Speed
Unlawful Union
cit
John Bull forming a Catalani of his own
Nautical comfort
John Bulls Peep into the Budget...
A Riddle Expounded or the Dignity of a Parsons Horse
The Road to London or the Countryman and the Quakers.
Smoaking a Parson
cits
Hiss s s s
in hot water
Lobster
Now these fellows shall know what the Conqueror of the World can do! Corporal? D- you Sir! don't you blow up the Bridge till I order you *BRACKETED* .
Ah Diable Mai you was burn Le Materiel, you burn your playtings.
Project to Invade the Moon
Grant of the Senate 6,000,000
Russia
Prussia
Austria
Sweeden
Elba Babel
He will frighten all the fish and burn my boat I'll be off in time.
"So high he's mounted on his airy Throne,  OPEN>> That now the wind is got into his Head,  OPEN>> And turns his brain to Frenzy. - Dryden
Faithful to the hack, th
A gibbet formed by the Allies, well supported by Old England. The British Oak & Lion, crushing & tearing the Corsican Viper, whose sting falls down harmless upon the Oak.
Holland
Spain
England
Well my Dear I am quite pleased you have got a Hobby; you will now be able to get through your Duty with ease and comfort!
Comfort indeed my Dear! it is only ten Miles you know, I shall now perform the Service and be back by the time the kettle boils!—I hope they will build some more Churches in Wales, for I shall be able to undertake six of them!!!
Sermon on the benefit of Poverty
Rowlandson
In Skaiting - slipping in such a manner that your legs start off in this unaccomodating posture - *BRACKETED* from which, however you are soon relieved by tumbling forwards on your nose, or backwards on your skull. - Also learning to cut the outside edge, on skaits that have no edge to cut with - ice very rugged
Lodgings for Single Men and Their Wives
Please to ring the Bell
Why Nan—this is the very birth, we have been so long looking for
Who'll buy good luck Who'll buy Who'll buy Promotion tickets here am I
Mr Waddle
Dont betray that I've stolen the York Cloak to favor my designs and your wishes, come under I've made it weather proof to shelter you all
No fair Circe transformed by you we are spell bound at your pleasure
Road to destruction
Stumbling Block
Thoughts on Connubial Happiness
Thou shalt not commit Adultery
Now for a meeting with my Dearest Dear
Man Traps are placed every Night in these grounds
Diamonds by Mrs Clarke Lapidary to his Highness
This evening will be performed Duke and No Duke *BRACKETED* By his Majesties Servts . . .
Agency Office business transacted on moderate Terms
Leakes Pills by appoint. . Taylor
Suppression of vice
To all—Journeymen Taylors wanted
666
True Spanish Toledo
Catalonia
Spanish Patriotism. Austurias
Madrid
Cordova
Cadis
St Peters Rome
Corsica
France
France
Portugal
Crown of Spain
Hope
Russia
Prussia
Denmark
Holland
Naples
Austria
Admiral Purvis
Liberty
Equality
Ladies Fair and Frail
The British Lion
Iron Crown
Bless me what a shower! - I shall be wet through before I reach the Rhine
Army of England
Boulogne Encampment
Excuses for Non Performance
Well I never expected Broad Bottoms from Africa! but one should never dispair! Mind Sherry dont let your Fireey Nose touch the Venus for if theres any Conbustibls about her we shall be Blown Up!!!
Chanselor
I shall be Carefull your Lordship! but such a Spanker it beats your Lordships hollow
Tyranny and Venality
Places
Pensions
Lottery Tickets
America
Those that Should have been my Preservers have been my Destroyers
I'll stem the Stream
G.R.
Income Tax
Why Sir it is only a sugar plumb, You can certainly swallow it now, I have gilt it all over to make it palatable to the City.
Come Doctor You must not attempt to force it down, for the pill tho gilded remains a pill still!!!
Resolutions to be prop *BRACKETED* at the Common *BRACKETED* . . .
Duty of Members towards their Constituents
Candidates pretensions for the General Election
Double Refined
I need not take up your time by a description of the Income Tax. You are already perfectly acquainted with its features, in its principle, it is unjust; in its operation, vexatious and degrading; and in its tendency immoral it subverts the public spirit of liberty, which nature has planted in the human breast and constitutes the dignity of Men, it has created an Inquisition more intolerant than the Inquisition of Spain, it has been said that the Chancellor of the Exchequer intends to soften down its most obnoxious clauses; but the pill though gilded, remains a pill still. - Vide Common Hall
he only desired most ardently to avoid the opening of the fatal Green Bag -
Every man... must dread the time when the offensive contents... should become the topic of conversation in his family
"Very unhappy, but it can't be help't -  OPEN>> We were rather too old Brother, before we married. - Vide the Progress of an old Bachelor
ha, ha, ha, a, ha, a, ha, a, ha, he, he, he, ho, o, o, o, ha, o, ho, o,o, o... *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Portland wears an old-fashioned court suit and Garter ribbon; he is thin except for gouty swollen legs and feet. At his feet is an open music-book:  OPEN>> Epithalamium pour l'Hereux *BRACKETED* Nuit.
"Blest as th
The Youth, who fondly sits by thee,  OPEN>> And sees and hears thee all the while,  OPEN>> Softly Sing, and sweetly smile
Lord love ye my good Masters - do give us something new - I be tired of all the old Jigs - I knows the March to Paris by heart, - and as for Indemnity for the Past, and Security for the future, they are as easy to me as my A-B-C - I want something stilish, and grand.
cello incorrectly drawn and having a rose under the strings which suggests the viol da gamba. He looks up at John Bull jauntily, saying,  OPEN>> I will endeavour to please you if I can, what do you think of this - it is a grand serious-movement called the Deliverance of Europe or Union with Ireland
Germany
British Channel
Holland
France
Great Britain
Ireland
I ax pardon Master Boney, but as we says Paws off Pompey, we keep this little Spot to Ourselves You must not Dance here Master Boney.
Ah you tam John Bull!! You have spoil my Dance, !! You have ruin all my Projets!!
Switzerland
Italy
Begar me no like de look of dat Jean Bool.
I declare it would be a charity to give the poor fellow a meals victuals before I fight him.
London
John Bull
Shall I vouchsafe your worship a word or two, Shakspea . .
What makes you so mute—why not answer me—how is your Master—do you think no one cares to know but yourself—if so—you are makeing a mistake at last—what have you done with the little Queen—and what are you going to do with the Catholic's ah?
Mum
Plan of the Parish of Barn
No Union, Erin go Brack!
Good-Bye Johny—I am going to resign—but dont take it so much to heart, perhaps I may soon come back again
two hot-headed rivals
- NB; This Title has no affinity to Pen, as connected with the Goose-Quill; nor has it any allusion to Penguin, a stupid creature between a Fish & a Fowl; - the word is simply derived from Pen, as the Instrument used to express the deep researches of the mind; see the St James's Street chitchat - respecting a Keen Pen; - a Witty Pen; - & a Pen, often Cut, but never mended.
Caliban
Trinculo
Ariel
Prospero
There is no Peace to the Wicked by G---d
Every man shift for all the rest, & let no man take care for himself: for all is but fortune: - Coragio, bully Monster, Coragio!
Treasury
Go. Go. Go. charge my goblins that they grind their joints with dry convultions: shorten up their sinews with aged cramps; & more pinch-spotted make them than pard. or cat o mountain, cat o mountain.
Hey, Mountain. Hey! Silver! there it goes Silver! Fury, Fury! there Tyrant, there! hark, hark!
This Animal tho Not so well known as many Among the polite Circle Nevertheless can claim as Much folly to his Share as those of higher Rank, but so peculiar to himself, that it can cause Emulation in none, but such as Jack Catch *BRACKETED* and the Devil hath reservd for their Own private purposes Sing I wonder we ant better company upon Tyburn tree
Come, Sir, give a particular account of your property! I know you have plenty of money - Kiss the book
Indeed I am as poor a man as any in England. I was set upon my legs by Subscription, Heaven bless the Donors! My principal food has been Norfolk Dumplins the last five years! A few sticks at St Anne's Hill is all I possess. - Dont make me swear, I will not swear
S
The Radicals, turned Traitors, ...The guilty victims of a guilty age
cit
You must know, Mr Bull, we are a Society of Odd Fellows who had a lodge in Downing Street, and were robb'd of our Cash and accounts, notwithstanding we met at the Kings Head and so near the Treasury too! - is not it very hard - however we have left Downing Street intirely!
All I have to say my good Friends is this - I am very sorry for you but I must own I am of opinion if some more Odd Fellows in Downing Street were to quit theire situations it would be very much to my advantage!
Bird Cage Walk
Downing Street
Treasury
Life in Paris
one among the many instances where innocence has been punished while infamy has been rewarded
Iivasion
France
Me will make dat Jean Bull Tremble now I have found out de Grande Conveyance
My Lord I hold in my hand the Copy of a letter bearing your Lordship's signature & addressed under your Lordship's Frank to an individual residing in the North of Ireland of the name of Ellis—I wish to know whether or not your Lordshp is the author of this modern  OPEN>> Lillibulero
My Noble Duke I apprehend that according to the LAW of this Country a Man is not obliged to criminate himself.
Reform
Champions
A certain Knight brimfull of hope, Knight of the Shire also; To gain the Papists pleas'd the Pope, And humbly kiss'd his Toe. Poh, cried his Colleague in a pother, That's but a simple Farce; And that he may outdo his Brother He's gon to kiss his A-se.
Out you Base Slaves!! You are all Liars!!! And the Moniteur will prove it.
Moniteur - King Joseph recieved at Madrid with Rejoicings and Illuminations No War with Austria.
Liberty of the Press
The Austrians with 3000-000 Men ready for Action under the Arch-Duke Charles.
Sweeds and Russians making Peace
10-000 Spaniards Forc'd thre Way From the French in Denmark - With Arms, Amunition, Cannon, &c.
Rising in Westphalia
Kg Joe has Ran Away from Madrid and Plunder'd it of all Valuables
Dupont, Bessieres, Moncey, and Armys Anihilated. not a Frenchmn left in Spain 3000 Horses! 10.000 Muskets! 75 Waggons & *BRACKETED* Taken
How shall I Face Nap! alas! poor Joe.
Joseph 1st Rex
Come Boney. I shall be the only Friend you will have left
stone
Bulse
With appetite of Farmer he'll feast On the hardest Stones brought from the East
Here \\ blended lie th
Near this place \\ Lieth \\ Lady C------
Near this place lieth An Irish Volunteer A Dutiful Servant And Faithful Friend
Fores Carac *BRACKETED* turist to *BRACKETED* h *BRACKETED* First Consu *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , looking down our contempt at Napoleon *BRACKETED* , who stands in profile to the left. pointing a forefinger at the shop-window, his handkerchief to his eye. The latter wears his huge bicorne and sabre; he says:  OPEN>> Pray Mr Bull let me have some of the Toys if tis only that little one in the corner.
I tell you - you shant touch one of them - so blubber away and be d-d
India House
St James's
Bank
Costom House
The Treasury
Tower
cit
Gullam Waddle Esqr to Wright—Red Turkey Carpet—Convex Mirror—Chandeliers— Side Boards—Bed Furniture—Chairs and Tables—Vases Celerets &c &c— Egyptian Furniture—a Sofa A La Clarke—A Bed-stead after the same pattern
Mr Gull-em, Waddle I have brought you in a small Bill for goods, delivered for the Cleopatria of Westbourne place *BRACKETED* ,—and as you are a true patriot you can have no possible objection to the Bill of Wrights
What do you talk about patriotism, I tell you I have left off practice. D------n the Bill of Wrights!—It is all a mistake, about West-Bourne place, you shoud have taken it to Gloucester Place! *BRACKETED* there —— you would be sure to have had your Money!!
Bon Ton Magazine
Universal Suffrage
My friends, it is a painful sight to see you in this situation like Cattle in a Market, or met to compose one of my Lord Sidmouth *BRACKETED* shews, be patient, keep your halters, there yet may be use for them, not that I mean you will want them at Newgate, we shall have no New Gates or Old Baileys shortly; therefore you have nothing to fear on that head—but you may want them to scrag the overgrown Paupers *BRACKETED* &c. &c.—
Treasury
Daily Advertiser
Bloody-News! - Bloody-News! - Bloody-News!! - glorious-bloody News for old-England! - Bloody News! - Traitrous- Taxes! - Swindling-Loans! - Murd'ring-Militia's.
Lord! Fellow! - pray don't keep such a knocking & Bawling there; - we never take in any Jacobin papers here! - & never open the doors for any, but such as can be trusted: True-Briton's & such!
Paris-Papers
Daily Advertiser
Places Wanted, Wants Places
Wanted: Wanted, - a Place in the Treasury. Wanted, an Appointment in the Exchequer. Wanted, a Situation at St James's. Wants a Place a thorough-bred Secretary. Wants a Place. A Man of all Work. Wants Employt a true Greek-Patriarch. Wanted, a Place in the Pension-List. Wanted, a comfortable Annuity for Life. Wanted, a snug Sinecure for Life. N.B: The above Mouth-stoppers will be purchas'd upon any Terms; - !!! For particulars apply to the Fox & Grapes in Starvation Lane - or, at the Box & Dice in Knave's Accre
Just Publish'd a new Edition The Cries of the Opposition, or, the Tears of the Famish'd Patriots, dedicated to the consideration of the Ministry.
Vide, Dundas's Speech in the House of Commons. -  OPEN>> for a dozen Years past, he has follow'd the business of a Daily-Advertiser, - daily stunning our Ears with a noise about Plots & Ruin & Treasons & Impeachments; - while the Contents of his Bloody-News turns out to be, only a Daily Advertisement for a Place & a Pension
Servata Fides Cineri
A pretty piece of Business we have made of it Brother Joe.
I always told you Nap, what would come of makeing too free with the Spaniards
Instruction to make A Speech
The Whig Cause
Man of the People
Sacred to Female Patriotism
House of Call for Candidates
I am Bit D------n the Fox, the D------ss, Chelsea Hospital, Maid Servants, Small Beer, the back Stairs & all together, to be Sure I'm no Speaker Ive no Head I shall not be brought in but the Scrutiny His M-----y will have that and that Bald Pated Son of a B------h Sam H-----se *BRACKETED* not content with giving my Opponent *BRACKETED* Plumpers Threatned to give me A Plumper in each Eye if I did not Cock my Hat t'other Way
No Bastile
-------------------Away, ye Scum That still rise upmost when the Nation boils!
The scum uppermost when the porridge-pot boils over!
The Military Adventures of / Johnny Newcome, / with an Account of his / Campaigns in the Peninsular and in / Pall Mall: with / Sketches by Rowlandson; and Notes. /...By an Officer *BRACKETED* . / London: / Printed for Patrick Martin, 198, Oxford-Street, / . . . / 1815
Vengence is mine, I will repay
He that exalteth himself Shall be abased
Carlo Khan's Triumphal entry into Leadenhall Street
Plagues
Thats right my fine fellow - If you dont kick up a pretty dust in the World - never trust to the Devil again, - thats all.
Anarchy
Pride
Murder
Confusion
Conspiracy
War
Plunder
Treason
Revenge
Massacre
Avarice
Cruelty
Usurpation
Hatred
Horror
Envy
Blasphemy
Malice
Craft
Falsehood
Terror
No national reflection yea auld Bitch
Ill cool your Pride Sawney
Well don Jehu
Heaven deliver us from Evel
Tom will crack his Lice
egad he has him
Well don Tom give him a cooler
Once upon a time as the Historian relates Sr Andrew Mc Ire in his peregrination near Hydepark-Corner, where an old Sow was rubbing her scabby sides against a Lamppost: It so enraged the valiant Knigth *BRACKETED* that old Bess should partake, or cast reflections on his Country's pleasures ; with great wrath drew his Andrewfararara to avenge that Affront; but the happy incident of Tom the hackney Coachmans Whip prevented the tremendious *BRACKETED* blow - so saved poor Bess
After -  OPEN>>  signed  OPEN>> Hogarth invt
Poppy
An enemy
Hearts ease
Everlasting
Stocks
Pink
Get out! get out! you faggots! get out of the House I say—Zounds I've burst my Stays!— what! what! you'll let Her see her Mother will you?!! O! you Jades!—but I'll soon put a stop to that, I'll lock the young baggage up, thats what I will & I'll kick you to the Devil & thats what I will so turn out! turn out! Out! Out! Out! & be d—d to you all?!
Oh! Mamme! Mamme—Pappe's going to whip me Oh dear oh—.
Dash my Wig, here's a pretty Kick up!!!
What the Devil is he about now?!!
Turnout A Farce
France
Holy Bible
Fraternité
Religion de la Nature *BRACKETED* Injustice Oppression Murder Destruction
Malta
Spain
France
Holland
Switzerland
Rome
Shall the Works of a wicked Nation remain? - shall the Monuments of Oppression not be destroyed? - shall the \\  OPEN>> Light'ning not blast the Image, which the Destroyers have set up against the God of Heaven, & against his Laws?
I dont say their crime is Treasonable - but it is sinning against the Virtue of the Times and I command you girls under sanction of my Staff of Office - to take them both into close custody Immediately.
Indeed Mrs Win-r I am a very harmless Young Man - I would not do such a thing for the World - I live in Piccadilly - and lead a very steady regular life! - every body knows me.
I move for haveing him put into the Black Hole
Why I've seen him a thousand times at Richmond.
Indeed Good Woman You are Mistaken - I was only looking for the Durham stage
Its in vain to deny the fact, I have watch'd you SPYING throug your glass at the bottom of the hill this half hour - besides I've seen you before at the Opera
Rowlandson
Connoisseurs
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Life in Paris
Aye theres the Rub
out! out! damn'd spot out I say!
Quintessence of Roses to sweeten the Breath
More hot Water!! I'm afraid he's not half clean, I recollect I was served this way myself some twenty years ago.
For heaven's sake Gentlemen Try all you can to help me out of this unpleasant business & send me to WALES as soon as possible I have had Rubbing enough.
Mercury
Delay the Marriage he's not yet ready!
Sarsaparilla Decoction
Decoction
Pills
Ovids Art of Love
Aristotles master-Piece
Royal assent to the marriage of Prince Leopold with Charlotte of Wales—Grant of 60,000 Per annm from Parlit
A German Sausage for my intended Wife Newly dress'd & Cook'd up in the best manner
Battle Royal
Law
Justice
To Westminster Hall
MASTER DICKY, A Parody, To the tune of the little Ploughboy. A flaxen headed Student, As simple as may be, And next a white wig Council I whistled for a fee; But now a saucy Master, I strut in golden lace, And no more K-----g's Attorney, I screw my angry face, For to the right--lls promoted, A Chancery seat I fill, Whilst clients coffers empty, Our pockets for to fill; ---------. *BRACKETED* I'll scold, confuse and vindicate, With Speech confound the ear, And when I'm tired on my legs, Sit down a Woolsack Peer; In court and civil honor, So great a man I'll be, You'll forget the little Lawyer, That whistled for a fee
Royal Max
Dear Tozer write a new Bulletin for next Sundays Monitor.
Hush my little Shiloh, he shall lay in his fine Cott, have nice beautiful presents of our dear Birmingham & other friends that he shall he shall *BRACKETED* be a King too & have all the fine things.
To Mr Parson Tozer
Hush, hush, don't talk, have no one admitted, let Towzer answer all enquiries you know he has a face that will carry him through anything We have got the Child convey'd here very Snug no one scarcely knows *BRACKETED* & as they are as much implicated as ourselves we need not doubt their secrecey.
Shiloh
Free-will offering
D—n her & her prophecys too I say, I've got into a pretty mess with being so officious, however I could have sworn she was with child.
Ah! Brother I fear it will not do, we shall be all blown & then it will be a D—d pretty Cut for us, my wife told me not to meddle.
I'll scratch off Man Midwife from my Door as soon as I get home—
And I'll stick to that part of the practice which sends beings out of the World let who will usher them in in future.
Kangaroo
Green Bag
Lies
Filth
Obscenity
Non mi ricordo
Je ne me rapelle pas
Bribery
Perjury
Antartick Circle
Artick Circle
Reflections on the Revolution in France, and on the Proceedings in certain Societies in London, by the Rt honble Edmund Burke.
On the Benifits of Anarchy Regicide Atheism
Treatise on the ill effects of Order & Government in Society, and on the absurdity of serving God, & honoring the King
Sermon preached Novr 4 1789. by Dr R. Price, before the Revolution Society
Death of Charles Ist or, the Glory of Great Britain
Vide. A troubled - conscience
1
chapeau-bras
Bon jour Mylord! Je suis charmé de vous voir à Paris, comment vous portez-vous
2
Je vous suis obligé de votre gracieuse demande, mais ne pouvant répondre de moi-même, je vais dépêcher un courier a Londres; et à son retour, je saurai la réponse que je dois vous faire.
Incroyable
revers
Table of Interest
Stock Ex *BRACKETED* , Bank Stock, 3 Pr Cents, Imperial *BRACKETED* , Omnium *BRACKETED* , South Sea, Exchequer *BRACKETED* , Lottery Tick *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . A portrait of the miser above his head shows him gleefully weighing coin, with money-bags beside him. The room is small and poverty-stricken with a casement window, and a skeleton-like rat scampering on the window-ledge. Through an open door *BRACKETED* is seen the profile of a grotesquely malevolent old hag. Below the design:  OPEN>> Iron was his Chest His hand was Iron Iron was his Door And his heart was more.
Verily the spirit at length beginneth to move me - Alas! there is no happiness on this side of the grave.
Why then you Lubber, dont you come on this side?
Wellington Arms
La Grand Cross—ah—by gar we do evry thing grand Look at your nasty, Waterloo, Medal—shabby—cost your Nation only two francs.
That's true—but it—cost yours—A Napolean!!!
Heart of Oak
Preliminaries
Peace
Instructions from Park Place
Jacobins
Allons, Enfans de la Patrie! - now's your time Johnny! - my dear Boys! - did not I promise long ago, to take my Friends by the hand, & lead them on to March to the Gates of Paris? - Allons! vive la Liberta!!
£400 Million
Malta
West India Islands
Cape of Good Hope
Map of Egypt
Restoration of French Monarchy
List of Soldiers & Sailors Killed
Rule Britannia! - \\ Britannia Rules the Waves!!! \\ Caira! - Caira!
nobody
Vive la Liberta
Trial of O'Conner at Maid *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Opposite Bonaparte, and on his wife's left, Fox much caricatured, and with gouty swollen legs, makes a low bow, right hand on his breast, hat held out. He wears court dress with a sword. From his pocket issues a document:  OPEN>> Original Jacobin Manuscripts
Revolutionary Odes, by Citizen Bow-ba-dara
Intelligence for the Morning Chronicle.
At your Grace's service
Love and \\ Liberty \\ Guy \\ Vaux
Fox
Fox
Ich dien
Charly Boy 6234 Hood 6694 Wray 5998
Key herald
Back Stairs
All Apothecary
ALL Blue and Buff dependants
Uncle Jacky
Success to Fox, Freedom, Weavers, Butchers and Irish chairmen
A pliant Conscience
"His honors are ripening
Liberty
Rights of Men
Oh! choice Spirit of dauntless Paine Make, make our Cauldron blase again.
Around! around in Chaotic Dance, We step to tune of free-made France; And when the Hurly-burly's done, And all Ranks confounded in One; Oh! how we will Sing and Caper, If Cash we can make with Paper.
With brave resolves in spite of B------ *BRACKETED* We'll complete the glorious Work; Oh! ye Spirits of discord arise, And scatter our lordly enemies.
Drury's Prompt Book. Cauldron Scene Macbeth.
Bauble! Bauble melt with trouble! Fire burn, and Nation bubble; And hither ye discontented come, To the Tat, tat, tat, too of our Drum.
Conquer or Die. Constitution. Revolution
Crown and Anchor. Invitat *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . On the wall, which forms a background, are four pictures, each with a special application to the man beneath it:  OPEN>> Fanaticism
Wat Tyler
Huzza Wat for ever. Republicism: OPEN>>  Dr. Towers smashes the crown and sceptre with an axe.  OPEN>> Jack Cade
Ordered That no Cockades be worn on the 14th but that Favors of Freedom be placed nearest the Heart - also that no comparisons be made nor a word said about the thing we celebrate
My husband told me he'd want it all to pay his Creditors, Consider, Madam, how many hearts are aching this moment, perhaps, thro
Never mind, never mind, I'll pay 'em as I paid my Father's debts, promise cram, the rogues as long as I live
Never mind the complants of these English People, child, they're all as rich as Jews. I've an agent in this Pit, will get you ten pr Cent for your money.
50 l. Halfpence Milk Money
150 I Butter Money August Accompt
100-000 P--r--ge Money, 150-000 P--e Money and 150-[000 Irish P--e Money
100,000, 20,000 Silver, &c. &c
Two Spoonsfull to be taken at Bed time
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
O my Back!
Damn the Don
chapeau-bras
The Laughing Audience
A Consultation of Physicians or the Company of Undertakers
A new Song to the Tune of the Plenipoy
Captain Morris's Songs by Subscription
Brandy
Come sing me a Boosey-Song, *BRACKETED* to make me merry
The Genius of Honour and Integrity
The Monster of Corruption
Public Opinion
Oh Bob that it should have come to this, where shall we hide—where can we go?—curse Don-Key's fee fa-fum
Now I shall have a clear House—no more dictators! out with you all 29 against your own question. Off—off
Droll
24,000,000 Ducats
Vide, The Visions in Hampton Bower
To be disposed off only the Epauletts clip't and the Sword broke other-ways as good as New.
What is the reason you did not come when I sent for you I want some bells hung - you and I shall agree better bye and bye - You perhaps do not know that I am Genl Bellweather!
The Devil you are! then I'll be d------d if we ever agree, for tho I am a blacksmith, I am a Flint, and my name is Nelson, so You may hang your Bells, and yourself too.
Trial of Genl Whit *BRACKETED* - for necessary purposes.
Instructions for Officers who would rather Capitulate than Fight - by Genl Bellweather
Trial of *BRACKETED* al Bing for Cowardice
The Court . . . Bing to be Shot.
Capt Bobadil
Fifty Men in Buckram Hal or I'm a Knave.
Map of South America
Monte Video
Buenos Ayres
An Honourable member wish'd an address to his Majesty praying the appointment of a General Fast
The Best of Fish for the Rich
A Form Of Prayer For The Poor
General Fast, Mr Hard-work, Mr Hardwork General Fast
Spare your introduction my dear Sir, we are Old acquaintances
Yes indeed! I wish it had been General Feast
Excellent pudding—prime beef—glorious fat Goose *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . A CHRISTMAS BOX. *BRACKETED* Grey holds out a mitre and an episcopal wig to a surpliced parson *BRACKETED* , who registers surprise; he says:  OPEN>> Here's something for you Brother
Alack & Alas! who'd be an Emperor
News from London; News from Naples; News from Greece; News from Warsaw; Home affaires; News from Turin; News from Brussels; News from Paris
Political Registers
To Reform
I could never get a Horse up this road to the right, but I've some hopes, of this—dang it master Grey no shying
Despotism
Help Mighty Mars—Oh! Help
Jove & the Fates have broke Sword, Spear & Shield, I would but, cant attend you to the field
*BRACKETED* unts \\ *BRACKETED* chless \\ *BRACKETED* acking \\ 52
There is many here dont admit of Blacking— but oh I'll polish some of you
If we did not make so much retrenchment we intended to do it did'nt we Croker
Benedicet Brother sit fast and keep her eyes covered
The Belmans Copy of Verses 1831
Massacrées *BRACKETED* performed no questions asked
Sharpshears Tailor
Sir P Scamp To T Sharpshe . . .
How dare you expose my bill in your window? you thief o
Vy I dont like La *BRACKETED* so that's the way I does my own debts rekivering
I say you Watchman it can't be four o'clock yet
Oh botheration no, I only knock'd to say you may sleep an nour an a narf more
Liberty
I'm off that fire's not good for bears grease
Truly we have much to do
Ha ha! so we have, so we have, now let's have two months Holidays
A poetical annual
Rest you merry Gentlemen
No Union
If you want examples gentlemen look to Paris *BRACKETED* , to Brussels *BRACKETED* , to Warsaw *BRACKETED* & who drink wiskey want spirit
What the Devil, are you at here Dan?
Arrah now arnt he a jewel
is, as a mark of their great personal regard, and as the expression of their high contempt \\ of | Public Feeling, | Presented to \\ *BRACKETED* | by | His enthusiastic Pupils,—Session 1828-9
"Where there is a strong tendency of blood to the head, cupping should be immediately resorted to.
Ask any thing in reason and you shall have it my dearest dearest dearest Love
Only remember the promotions I mentioned I have pinn'd up the list at the head of the Bed
List for Promotion—a Bishoprick for Dr O Leary, a Commissariat for Dicky Dowlas—A Generalship—Cl Clackwrng—A Majority— *BRACKETED* 2d Lieutenant for my Foute Boy
child
Bless me, dear Swellingbags, what divine harmony there is in that lovely Toy! Do, my pretty dear, make an exchange.
Tell her there is a monstrous fine Diamond in every Bell. And I have another in Germany I'll give her to boot
Conceal yoursel as weel ye can
Reiney Maxwell
The Conclave
Reform
Anti
Tyrant
Convert
Reform
Dedicated to the Loyal Patriots who have served their country in the cause of constitutional Reform
Explanation
REFORM in full sail—Anti-Reform sinking, towed by  OPEN>> Arbitrary Power
going about
Cutter
I want a Radical Reform
I would have a moderate Reform
I am werry well satisfied with things as they har I dont wont no Reform
Marat Pain Robertspi *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . On the wall is a mirror in a carved frame above which are a bonnet-rouge and headsman's axe. Next it is a print of  OPEN>> Le Bonne Hamme, *BRACKETED* & Citoyen Egalite
How diff'rent is poor Coupe Tête's Lot His bloody Services forgot. Famine triumphant Reigns: All his dire Crimes come fresh in View, His Treasons and his Murders too, Distract the Wretches Brains. With var'ous Thoughts his Mind's at Strife, Whether to chuse the Rope or Knife, To end his Wretched Days: The Mother oe'r her Children moans, Hears their sad sighs and dying Groans, In vain to Heav'n she prays. Till overwhelmed with poignant Grief, In Death they only find Relief, Who comes with ling'ring Pace; Thus banish'd from all earthly Joy, Hunger and Misery destroy, This Democrat's vile Race
Catholic Emancipation
Mew
If we can but get that large Chesnut out of the fire I shall go on swimmingly, and then Master Puss, good bye to you
subject
Macbeth—  OPEN>> There's blood upon thy face— Murderer—  OPEN>>  Tis Jamie's *BRACKETED* then. Macbeth— What?—is he dispatch'd? Murderer. My Lord, we throttl'd him; — *BRACKETED* that we *BRACKETED* did for him.
Ist.—
Aigle
Philadelphia
I dont say Sir - , but you are a fine tall Young Man - I dont say you have spent a great deal of Money to very little purpose - I dont say you have made a pretty kettle of Fish on the Continent! - I dont say you are a coward Bill - but I must say you have been guilty of Error of Judgement in many instances and ought to be severely Reprimanded and I hereby severely Reprimand you accordingly!!!
Treaty of Alliance with the Cham of Tartary
Ah! Ah! me no bear dot; too tight; nasty tiff ting Me no eat no drink no do noting at all in dat.
Poh! Poh Child You will soon be used to them, and we'll shew you what You can do in them.
And then she'll like the nasty tiff ting, as well as we do they keep us in shape! Pray what would the Dandys do without them *BRACKETED* .
Very good ting Muley No want us guarde now!
Ah! den we go drink de brown tout Hamet!
Aye and you must drink a rare quantity before it will make men of ye!!
the poor distracted States of Holland
I am your Friend Mynheer I'll help you up & beat your foes
I am determined Mynheer you shall never rise more
I am now ye high & Mighty.
Now is ye time to pay ye debt of Gratitude
begar me will have half his Possessions
Don Diego has vow'd the downfall of England.
See Holland oppress'd by his old Spanish Foe, To England with cap in hand kneels very low, The Free-hearted Britton, dispels all its care, And raises it up from the brink of Dispair. But when three spitefull foes old England beset, The Dutchman refuses to pay a Just debt; With his hands in his pockets he says he'll stand Neuter, And England his Friend may be D------d for the Future
Pension for Services
Memda of Importce To say a few short Words about myself Trade Independent &c. one word more I will not receive one Farthing of my Pension till . . . the next Genl Election is over
insulated
Prime conductor Gentle restorer Largest in the World
Medicated tube
That round Vigour! that full-toned juvenile Virility which Speaks so cordially and so Effectually home to the Female Heart, Conciliating its Favour & Friendship, and rivetting its Intensest Affections away thou German Maggot killer, thy Fame is not to be Compar'd to mine
Quack. Quack. Quack
Calestial Musick
Leyden Vial Charg'd with Load Stones Aromatic Spices, &c. &c. &c
Tin foil or Antidote
Temple of Health & of Hymen
celestial bed
Magog
Cured of the Dropsey & Gout in the Stomach
Positively Charg'd
away with it my Dear Son I'll find fire eternally for you
Dare you was see de Vonders of the Varld, which make de hair Stand on tiptoe, Dare you was see mine Tumb and mine findgar, Fire from mine findger and Feaders on mine Tumb - dare you was see de Gun Fire viddout Ball or powder, dare you was see de Devil at mine A------e-- O Vonders! Vonders! Vonderfull Vonders!
Arcanum sublimum
Mask'd Battery
Tinctr Aurum Vivæ
Thunder House
Aurora Borealis
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
Resurgam
Jason
£35.000
Disgusted with this formal nation.
Jarvey Jarvey—
Here I am your Honor—.
Rum turn tiddi iddi
High gee wo
Founded upon an incident which lately took place at Bath namely a mob mistaking a roman catholic for a protestant Bishop
A groan for the Bishops and reform for ever
The Bill the whole Bill & nothing but the Bill
Hold your Tongues you fools! don't you hear the Gentleman says he is a Radical
Oh its plain we have mistaken our Man—let us give him a cheer!
Times
Oh! oh! oh!
A groan for the fireshovel Hat
A cheer for the Bill and down with the Bishops
God save the King and Devil take the Bishop
Gazette
Clin *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; another looks over his shoulder with an expression of satisfaction. A military officer tears a paper to pieces in disgust, on it is a row of ciphers. On the edge of the table is a paper inscribed  OPEN>> Gazzette extroy 1710. We have gain'd a battle & hav *BRACKETED* the French General in my coach. Marlborough
Map of America belonging to the English in 1762 when Pitt was prime minister
A Map of America belonging to the English in 1778
The Mountain in Labour
At the Theatre Royal St James'es. A Play of All in the Wrong, Obstant by Mr King. . . . which will be *BRACKETED* a Farce of the sobject *BRACKETED* ... America
No Police
I think the Don-Key as they call him—has made us all look very like asses!
But your M—j—ty I had other Information such as was never heard! which not only intimated that I should be pelted by the mob with rotten eggs; but plainly hinted that I should be received in the City Hall with  OPEN>> Cold indifference
With Cold indifference! think of that
Locum tenens The celebrated Hunter to be rode by Sir Clod A.S.S *BRACKETED* , The Property of Gill *BRACKETED* Hall
Rectory £2,300, Chapelry £300, Vicarage £800, A Deanery £1,000
A Bishopric £50,000
Stop Thief!
Stop these Plunderers of their brethren.
Monsieur noodle here be some rascals vat dont like my Jacks come down and get your head broke for us
Yes Phillip I will, and dont you want some money I wonder you dont want some money
see the Trial of the Bristol Magistrates
Oh Betty Push for Heavens sake! push, push, Kitty, push, Sally push, push!
Brougham Cordial
Bug
I have a great mind to smash you
Grey Stout
"If Field Marshal Peel, I say, opens the Campaign with such a second in command as Croker, such Generals of Division as Chandos, Harding, Vyvyan and Murray—such quarter masters as Inglis and Sadler and such a provost marshal as Sugden and such an Army as even the ministerial Prints now admit, and such a confounded Enemy in your rear as the radicals it is to be confessed that you may have some call to pick your marches. Blackwoods Magazine
Reform
Public Opinion
Ultra Tories
Moderate Tories
Now let each man bluster and look big and amble well his own peculiar Hobby for this Campaign must either make or mar us altogether. Blow the Trumpet Weatherall
Corruption
Fire!—Charge!!
The above sketch is to show with what grace the military appointment and clerical persons may be united
WHEEL OF FORTUNE
PUT NOT YOUR FAITH IN PRINCES
We poor creditors are ruin'd by being kept out of our just Debts
£700,000 improvement
Its a d—d lie, or at any rate I'll swear it is
Oh how I might with that sum pay my debts and contract new ones
700,000
£
£700 000
Alas! these men will spoil places so that by the time I return to office they wont be worth having
£700,000
Morning Post
These Ministers pay no regard to my vested Interests how will the amount of crime be kept up if they ameliorate the condition of the People
Hope
Thus I end my mortification
most gratifying, as it falsifies more than one sinister prediction
Belgum
Protocols
Signed Protocols
Orange
A word in your Ear! there's nothing meant, its all show just to frighten these Dutchmen a little
Treatys
Ireland
Reform Bill
Hey dey here's a bobbery, just as I was going to look over my Reform Bill quietly, what do they mean not to go to war sure now,!! after suffering Poland to be annihilated & Germany trampled on, Oh nonsense! Nonsense
I'll Do any thing for money
Pady Swirk
Rygate Assize
Hara by my shoul if you'l Leave your Jerry Sneak you shall have your Law for nothing atll atall my Bear Kitt fig
Spirituall Court
My Dear Kitty Figg I are an Officer in the Malitia yet Bread to the Law & have a Damnd good Memory My Dear Mrs Figg
I think the *BRACKETED* fit me what cant be cur'd must be endur'd
Willegig Tea Dealer Bishop Street
Though I Dare not own my self a Partner I'll be your very good Friend for old acquaintance sake in the Bench
Pa Pa what shall I sware
Bohea Tea Gree Tea
Instructions for Ld Amherst to get fresh Patterns of Chinese deformities to finish the decorations of ye Pavillion—GPR
Papa had'nt you better tell him to bring me over a China Man instead of getting me a Husband among our German Cousins!
To Prince Leopold
Scotia
Banco Regis
A Sly Go!
A Blooming Field
Pin Money & Royal Saveings
Privy Purse
Queens Mixture
Presents for the Emperor of China
Front & back view of myself
Fanny Hill
Pretty books
Curious Prints
Cordials
The Art of making Punch in 2 vols.
Wigs & Whiskers
Message to Parlt to provide for the Marriage & Maintenance of Prince Leopold & Charlotte of Wales
Petition from the Strand Bridge Compy for a free grant of the Site of the ruinous pallace of the Savoy which at present impedes the the *BRACKETED* further progress & completion of that grand & important National Improvement
Royal Rantipoles or the Humours of Brighton by Peter Pinder
Proposal to continue the Property Tax for ever, to pay off Arrears of ye Civil List occasiond by ye Regency Whims
Fairs, Carnivals, & other Royal Fooleries
Regency Taste!!!!!
British Adonis
Return'd from the Black Legg'd Club
I H S
Select Sermons
Common Prayer
Paley on Christianity
Meteor
Lilliputian
I Baptize thee—hic Bless his little heart he's tumbled in the Bowl!!! / — or care remain / we'll drown him in the Bowl the Bowl hic!—
Oh! Save the Marquis—little Punch is in the Bowl.
You Drunken Wretch what the Devil are you about?!! if you are going to drown the Child I could have done that my self & be D—d to you.
D—d good.
Amen
D—n that Clarke how he is pilfering the Punch to be sure!!!—I hate a Clarke as I hate the Devil.
Punch cures the Gout ye Colic & ye Phthisic—Come Drink away my Friends for this is Punch's Holiday therefore we will be merry—here's to you Mr Higgins here's to you Mr Wiggins so we'll push the Punch about.
Drink drink & Kiss the Lasses that's your play Kiss away.
Round about the Punch Bowl how we Trot!
If I had serv'd my God with half the Zeal I serv'd my Prince, He would not have deserted me in my Nakedness.
*BRACKETED* ower of Babel
Rambler's Magazine
Recd Three Pence for admitting a Child into the World. J. Cavendish
Well Mynheer you seem heartily sick of Fraternity, had you stuck to your Old Friends, instead instead *BRACKETED* of embracing your new Tagged relations, you might have kept your Gilders, saved your breeches, and preserved both States and Stateholder
Ah Mynheer Bull these cursed french Rats have gnawed us to the bone, they have barely left us a Pipe a drop of Hollands or a Red Herring. Oh what a pretty pickle have we brought ourselves into.
Holland's Gin
I have had great trouble Mynheer to smuggle this Bottle for you those french Raggamuffins search me so close.
By Order of the French Convention - If any Dutch Woman be detected in concealing any part of her Husband's private property she shall be Guillotined.
Ducats
Gilders for the use of ye Municipality
Sacre B------gre here be dese English Bull Dog - dey be such stupid Brute dat we cannot make them comprehend the joys of Fraternization.
View of the Texel
TRE *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Fox, his legs encased in armour, stoops down to bite one of the huge padlocks. Behind him are Hanger, about to strike the door with his massive club *BRACKETED* , and a barefooted Scot in Highland dress, probably Adam, preparing to smite with a sword whose blade is inscribed  OPEN>> Faction
Itch Diadem
Impeachment
To Conquer America
Plenipotentiary
At a Meeting of the Not Abies Resolved Nem Con that they do vigioursly *BRACKETED* attack the Treasuary with all their proper Weapons Get into Place, Humble the Pride of Master Billy, Kick out the Treaty of Commerce, Convict Hastings, Remove the Sceptre, Repeal the Shop Tax Pass Fox's India Bill Keep their Places & do many more things if they are able
Whereas Prosecution against High------ *BRACKETED* in Fitz *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* . *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> Sold by Auction by Tattersall His Highness's Studd A. Filly
Theatre Royal Benefit of Mrs F------ *BRACKETED* Seduction Principal Characters . . . R.P.
Safe
I have Gain'd the affections of my Sovereign, and they must cut keener than a Diamond to affect me
Roger Gibbs But *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . A bull-dog lies in the foreground intently watching the younger lady; his collar is inscribed  OPEN>> Gibbs
The Mask
gunpowder jowl
Two faces here in one you see design  OPEN>> d, Each strongly mark'd declares the inward mind, One seems ambitious of a daring soul, The other soft the passions to controul. One rough & virulent, th
House that Jack built
PR of T.B. U.
y School by Thos Pain
To Be Let
Letter of the Princess of Wales to the Prince Regent
14th. Jan. 1813
complete acquittal
from all intercourse with the world
To the Prince Regent—Sir . . .
Ich Dein
Hyde Park May 27 1829 Sketched at the Review
When I was an Infant gossips would say—when I grew older, I'de be a soldier. &c.
Holy Bible—Love God more, and thy Neighbour as Thyself.
true equality
the Blessings
Ruins of the Column of Liberty
Britons
Conquer'd Nations, or free, Republics, Swiss, Dutch, and French, Italians
Au diable! all I can do they'll neither bend or break.
Constitution of England
J.R.
Gods . . .
Thos the Wood Lous
Jun: but to bestow it on that Trapes It mads me - Min: hang him Jackanapes
Royal George
The Best Machines in Brighton
My eyes jack this here craft will never carry him—we should bring the sheers and reeve a tackle for him in the long boat—!!
shove the Barge further a stern & be d—d to you—what you about a head there.
Do my dear Girls put me on board safe, I shall Tell Paget to give you some Grog—I have been almost suffocated in that infernal Bathing Machine—mind my foot.
Faith he's no joke Judy the devil a heavier Burthen in all the country
By my own soul I'd rather carry such a nice neat beautiful young Gentleman, than the best basket of mackerel that ever was at Billingsgate.
Royal George
D—n these soldiers jackets I can't move in em—I suppose we shall all be lobsters by & bye!!
Life in Paris
Che Sara Sara
You intended to ha'a him my dear if you cauld thats certain or ony of the Family, but ne'er heed it Chiel I'll take You down to the Abbey *BRACKETED* and try again.
Ah me, a luckless Maid, thus crossed in hope & expectation too. quite lost in both Attempts, the one for ever gone the other far too Cold, to feel the genial warmth of mine and Mothers Love. I'll take me to my Weeds & shew the World the ne'er was Love like mine.
There's Nae luck about the House
We'll tuck up our petticoats under our arm and over . . .
Wither my Love ah Wither art thou gone
Green Bag
Old Nick cabinet-maker
Reminiscences
Souvenirs of the Army of Occupation . . .
The Whitsunday Duel, or the Sabbath-Breakers in the Stocks. A Poem
Gout
Putney Heath Three o'Clock on Whitsunday with Pistols at Twelve paces, May 27,1798.
Bellum Interstogginum
Irish Whisky
Oblivion
Flogging System
Resistance to Oppression
How drunk you was how you reel'd; no wonder I miss'd you, especially so far off
My hand was not steady I might as well fire at the Sun, as I did - I did not chuse to be too near.
Hat of Slavery Stamp
Go your ways Old Man He is engaged with me always on a Sunday
Fytatalrisco the Sunday Genius, the Brother of Lyarobolo of every day
Toulon
Dunkirk
Corsica
St Domingo, Quiberon
Ostend
Here be I come to bail thee, thee'll be the death of I with drinking and Sabbath-breaking & fighting on Sundays - Be I always to pay for thee & thee no religion at all - If thee was in Ireland thee'd be flogg'd for this: I does not mind a little cash, If thee'd but behave -
Stamp 3d
Aureum Potabile Bakers Weight L2.000.000
Thou shalt keep holy the seventh day it is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God
Behold the great Law Maker, Of whom all Men do Brag; See him turn'd Sabbath-Breaker, A Sunday-Fighting Wag. A Minister to claw Sir. The Constable it shocks; But tis Old England's law Sir, That he be put in Stocks.
Oh thou gentle generous youth Fam'd for Virtue Worth and truth Why didst thou to battle go And risque thy Fav'rites years of woe; Chorus of Virgins.
The Gibbet gloried in the sight Abershaw was seiz'd with fright, Another tenant now I see, I must leave the Gallows free.
Heaven-Born Billy the Sabbath Breaker in the Stocks, for Prophaning the Sabbath & Fighting on the Lords Day
George
Oh! vous mefaites mal!
Prusse
Les guinées m'ont cassé le nez
allons alexandre prenez-en aussi.
dois-je
Pores o'er the Cranial Map with learned eyes, Each rising hill and bumpy knoll descries, Here secret fires, and there deep mines of sense His touch detects beneath each prominence
Peters *BRACKETED* . His appearance and dress, though caricatured, are less grotesquely untrue to life than in earlier prints. In his cartouche box, inscribed  OPEN>> Les Directoire
There now, be quiet will you
This Monster will be the Destruction of us all
Moreau's Army
Macdonalds Army
Turin
Spain
here he comes - here he comes got them all in his knapsack
The Mind distemper'd - say, what potent charm, Can Fancy's spectre - brooding rage disarm? Physics prescriptive, art assails in vain, The dreadful phantoms floating  OPEN>> cross the brain! Until with Esculapian skill, the sage M.D. Finds out at length by self-taught Palmistry, The hopeless case - in the reluctant fee: Then, not in torture such a wretch to keep, One pitying bolus lays him sound a sleep!
My Lud, my application to-day, my Lud, is, my Lud, for a Rule to show cause why, my Lud, an action should not lie, my Lud, against a coach and horses, my Lud, for breaking the line of a Corporal's guard, my Lud, to the great damage and detriment of the military honor of this vast empire, my Lud; and I feel assur'd, my Lud, as how I shall have your Ludship's decision on this great question in my favor, my Lud.
Rule grunted
You'll be made fellow to understand how to behave to a gentleman and one in his M——ty's service
A Certain Cure for the Liver .... Complaint Apply at N° Leadenhall Street
Calcutta Presents / Whitney Blankets / Bellows Buttons & Stoves
Plan for removing Leadenhall Market to Liverpool
Petition
No India
Gunpowder
*BRACKETED* ition
Great Bargain To be disposed of for the benefit of a few Indigent Adventurers a Set of Warehouses &c NB A small Number of Clerks & Industrious Men about 150000 may go with them. Apply at Cl-rend-n *BRACKETED* tel New Bond St.
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
boxes
The Jackall is the lion's purveyor—Jack of all Trades
The Review—
Staff Officers
"I bought some Speldings fish salted and dried in a particular manner being dipped in the Sea & dried in the Sun and eaten by the Scots by way of relish - He had never seen them though they are Sold in London I insisted on Scottifying his palate but he was very reluctant - With difficulty I prevailed upon him - He did not like it. Vide Journal p. 50.
Rastelli's Pasport
Majocchis Evidence
Madle Demonts Evidence
Sacchi's Evidence
Lens of Truth
Arther's Seat
Holyrood House
Here
All Vagabonds found here be dealt with according to Law—Philip
Scotch
All lang since
Welcome welcome to Holyrood
Constitution of England
Mar . . List
Go Hireling! retire to thy original Nothingness, nor suffer Ministerial Influence to hold thee up to ridicule again, nor dare oppose the legitimate Choice of the Electors of Middlesex.
Oh how I hate those Beams \\ which bring to my remembrance from \\  OPEN>> What State I am Fallen.
I have got a Writ of Bastardy for Justice Juggle
A, stands for Albions Isle
B, for brave Britons renown'd,
C, for a Corsican Tyrant,
D, his dread Downfall must sound,
E, for Embattl'd we stand,
F,  OPEN>> gainst the French our proud Foes,
G, for our Glorious Gunners,
H, for Heroical blows. Fal de ral &c.
I, for Invasion once stood
J, proves  OPEN>> twas all a mere Joke,
K, for a favourite King, To deal  OPEN>> gainst Knaves a grand stroke
L, stands for Liberties Laws,
M, Magna Charta's strong chain,
N, Noble Nelson whom Neptune, Near Nile crown'd the Lord of the Main, Fal de ral &c.
O, Stands for Britains fam'd Oak,
P, for each brave British Prince,
Q, never once made a Question, \\ Respecting the Deeds they'd evince,
If R for our Rights takes the field,
Or S, should a signal display,
They'd each call with T, for the Trumpet, To Home my Brave Boys & Away, Fal de ral &c.
U, for United we stand, V, for our bold Volunteers,
Whom W, welcomes in War, And joins Loyal X in Three Cheers,
With Y, all our Youths sally forth, with Standards of freedom advance,
With Z, proving Englishmens Zeal, To humble the Zany of France, Fal de ral &c.
Coals from the Infernal Pitt.
Peter Pindar
Black List
Evil be thou my Good
No, Peter, no, in vain you sue, Tis my turn now! th
Epistle to Lord Lonsd *BRACKETED* by Peter Pindar
Frightening a poor Poet out of his Wits
Ruining Creditors by Lawsuits
Undermining Whitehaven
Bribing Witnesses to Perjure themselves
The Art of making Soldiers serve without Pay
and the advantage of their going without Breeches
Breaking Matrimonial Engagements from Charitable motives
Hum-buging Government out of a Ship of War
Bringing Sham Trials to ruin the County
Shutting up the Mines to starve a Thousand Families
Buying up my own Debts at Half a Crown for the Pound
Making a Hell-hound my Clerk & Attorney.
O L------, kick me, cuff me, call me rogue, Varlet, & knave, & vagabond, & dog. But do not bring me for my harmless wit, Where Greybeards in their robes terrific sit.
Odes upon Cowardice
Odes of Importance alias Conciliatory Odes
Ode to Lord Lonsdale
the poet's harmless wit
Odes of Importance
Mild Minstrel, could their Lordships call thee rogue
Briefs
Writs
Covetousness
Dissimulation
Rapine
Treachery
Malice
Cruelty
Envy
Pride
Ingratitude
Deceit
Swindling
Rapine
Meanness
Sketch'd from the Peep-hole at Scalegill, To the worthy Inhabitants of Cumberland, this impartial representation of the Virtues of his Infernal Majesty, is respectfully dedicated
Satirist
G—d d—n me no tink she turn again after cut its tail off, by Gar me no like her! Sophia! Maria! protect your slave.
cit
Chemist
China Warehouse
Being pinned up to a door, round the neck, by the horns of an enraged Over-driven ox.
More Miseries
1000
This is the Speculation to make money 10.000 pr Cent profit, all in Air light Air. 'tis there 'tis here & 'tis gone for ever.
Oh my lungs I shall Cough to Death.
Aha that will be their last Gas - p - I wish I had my money in my Pocket.
Oh dear I can't Breath.
Murder Murder Oh my breath.
What the Devil are you funking us all with your stinking smoake.
Cotilion
1
8
hanging collar
Bless me, Child, you have made a very bad market! Good Heavens is it possible the people can be so unreasonable these plentiful times to expect six eggs for a groat! You shall tramp to London next market day.
A very bad market girl, indeed, a very bad market girl - Limy shall go next
Cartwheel's score
The Widow Waggonrut
Mrs Towser
I made war with Kate, a buxom Northern Lass: But such my cruel fate -  OPEN>>  Thurlow, wearing a smock, stands with his back to Pitt, cracking a whip; he says,  OPEN>> She bid you kiss her A------! Damn the Whip I'll never learn the right smack of a Carter
M--t--ws M--y--r
Rochester Address
I'll send him some Chips
A------n Sp------e
I'll assist him with my long Sixes
A------n T--m--n
he stand in Need of my Preventative.
A------n Fr--w--r
Aye Aye he shall have some Chatham Butt.
P--t--ce
I'll give him 13 to the Dozen and all sour
F--n--s
I'll shave him I warrant you.
Sp------ks
I'll beg to speak to Sherry for his business, bailing Actions, Demands writs of error &c That is if he'I promise to see me paid.
B--st--w
he shall never be tried by the Court of Conscience
R--b--n
There are your right sort none of your Quack
A------n N---h---n
I hope to have a Job to make him some Fortifications.
Meteor
Agriculture
Commerce
Le Liver-Rouge or A List of Pensions and Sinecures for the Year 1810
Whitbreads Entire
Now Freedom and Strong Beer Nerve my Arm away with Coruption pensioners and Placemen
Calcrafts Improved Cutlash
Had I as many limbs as my Profesion all should be employd in such Service
Independance
Tooks Steel
This for the Rights of the People out with the Sinecures
Reform
Observe Gentlemen the Space it used to fill your Endeavours united will Reduce it to its Proper Size
Red Book
Magna Charte *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  and  OPEN>> Bill of Rights
if I dont stop this Work we Shall all be turned Out
Red Book
Scotch Pensions Irish Pensions
Sinecuers
York 2700
Pension, Muster Deput. . . 27-00000
Deputeis Co . . . Sineucres . . . Pensions
English Pensions Places Fullership
Pensions
Places
...Sinici...
Lay On & Lighten my burden or I shall *BRACKETED* Crushed
Taxes for the year 1810
6th Edition of Le Livre Rouge or a List of Pensions & Places for the year 1810
Apocrypha—Canon Type
Earl Street Association—"I seek no earthly |  OPEN>> emoluments
Come along Van Ass! a rich meal awaits us. I famish of hunger, having had nothing since we devoured the L26,ooo, worth in Earl Street
Apocrypha's for Campbell Esq Hond by Idol Bel
Keep quiet on that score, for *BRACKETED* thinks I spy mine enemy of whom I am sore afraid, he is a host of himself
Hally! hally! You horrid crew; none of your heresy here! One step farther, and my left arm shall smite thee to the dust! None of your canon Types, nor Spectacles *BRACKETED* are required on our barren heaths!!!!!
Take heed lest Thou be with them that fall. I have given thy dragon a bitter peel
peel
Christian Instructor
Altho
There they come, whom I worship, you will soon be discomfited! those that are of their train are great nobles, and strong of arm!!
Hiss! hiss! at him again ginger!
the Constitution
Who are the greatest drunkards? - Those at the helm - Who set the most glaring examples of adultery, fornication, &c -..
Take comfort - the Duke will never let you want a bit of Bread
By Heaven I shall abhor the sight of them that ever bid me be of comfort more
My dear Lord will nevermore be at the head of ye Treasury
Where is he! Oh let me clasp him in these eager arms and comfort him with love
Cornwallis Corr.
Fox
Fox Love
—Quacks from Church St—
Catholic Emancipation
Murder! if you get it down it will ruin my Constitution
Hold him fast—Bob—Ill soon make him swallow it—there it goes Johnny you will be quite a different man after this
Cabbage
o Lord o Lord I am in a nasty Condition
sick and in prison and he *BRACKETED* me
The Benevolent Society Benifet of \\ Survivership
Advice to overseers respecting the poor
who starved me to Death
you have been the Cause of my death
Aye Aye this comes of your ingratitude for my saving your life
Howard
A Song by Tom Stitch on the Windsor Corporation
A Song in Ridicule of my best Friend.
The Desert.
Windsor Charity
let him Die & be d--d.
for God sake don't Suffer my Poor father to Starve
I perish for want
Busy Body
Effervecing Powders
Detonating Balls
the Doctor
No fit you Zir, perhaps you got de Paine in you Head, make you tink so, dis Vigg vill fit any Loyal subject give but an Eye to it sir as I hold it -
By the King's Patent
Essence of Lemon
A Separate appartment to dress in
Violet Soap
Russia
Austria
Prussia
the sword of Frederick the Great
Inghilterra
li 2 Aprile 1814
La protezione di Mercurio esaltò Buonaparte addormentando insidiosamente la Francia e l'Italia e fondando il suo Trono sulle rovine dell
Victoire \\de la\\ Grande Armée. \\ Ulm, \\ Lintz, \\ Braunau \\ Vienne
Boheme
Autriche
Tyrol
D
Morning Chronicle
The Sun \\ Vienne
Est ce possible? je le croyais encore à Boulogne
B
Gare à nous, Jean Bull salt tout.
C
Adieu la Bavaroise
Goddamn voici de belles chiennes de nouvelles
Gentlemen the Bank is mine, & I will open every Night at the same hour
HUZZA, HUZZA HUZZA
John Shuffler Esq.
Alas! what a Deal.
I want a new Master
Sir Grey Parolle
the parole
Atkinson cut the cards
Memoirs
Huzza
Patrick Death Patent Gibbett Maker to his Imperial Majesty, The Emperor of all the Gulls *BRACKETED* .
In a little time you shall see him - And in a little time you shall not see him.
My dear Tallerand *BRACKETED* save me my Throne is giving way - I am afraid the Foundation is rotten, and wants a cursed deal of mending.
Ah - Master - Master - the Crown is too heavy for you.
You forgot your Old Uncle - the New Bishop - if you had made me Pope, I shoud have let the crown down easier
Round about the Maypole, &c
There was a little Woman as I heard tell,
Lord have mercy on me, surely 'tis not I.
Bless me how fierce he looks.
Now Mr Justice I'll have at you—you have been baiting me long enough!!
Oh save me! save me!
Innocent Blood
Coron *BRACKETED* Inquest
Plate 3d
This is to inform you the Children have been recd into the Work House
Moy Dear Mrs Humbug where we go to Cool ourselve dis hot Weader? dos make vone so Melt moy Loavely little Girl.
My Love we must go to the Old place at Bushey, and there we shall find plenty of h *BRACKETED* air. Oh! Dear—you are all my Humbug every inch.
Who eve *BRACKETED* breaks through this Thickit will be Put in the Stocks.
To Bushey
Loan 1801, 28, Millions. Income Tax irredeemably pledg'd Unfunded 56 Millions.
Addition to Bank Stock - 49 Millions. 1801. New Taxes - Two Millions.
Consolidated Fund to pay 500,000,000.
Floating Contingencies
80 Millions.
Omnium
To Lisbon to Lisbon Hal in Port
Egoad cut and run in time - good Joke of Shery's
D------n the Gout it prevents me from Running.
To the Independent Electors of Westminster The Speech of the Right Honble Chas Jas Fox.
Truth
Frank - Observe these Unacquitted Felons!
"C est ainsi qu'en faitent *BRACKETED* . Je vous fais mes adieux
"A Bomb-as-tical Song. Tune
ten thousand
single Bomb
Rump
St Stephens Bar
General Evening *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , the other on the  OPEN>> St. James Chronicle
Is it agreeable to Magna Charta that a Man should be a Judge in his own Cause?
If my Trial is coming on I beg I may be on the Jury as well as my Opponent
cits
dining country jaunt
the Forest
sweating sickness
The Humourist
France
Germany
portugal esp *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; Joseph says:  OPEN>> Ah mon cher frere de naplés,
Spanish pye
Ferdinand VII
boys
£/12:000 for making a noise
£/11:000
Against the People
for the people
Oyes! Oyes! This is to guie Notice, That Alice Grunt has lost from out her Stye last Night at 25 Minits past 10 o Clock two Pigs the one a black un  OPEN>> tother Caroty un whoever will bring Um to the said alice Grunt - Or give inflammation where they have stolen or strayed shall have her thanks and the first sucking Pig from the Breed of old Nanny at Lammas day next - God save the King.
Accomplishment of the Prophecy of the great Law Luminary.
New Machine for Sweeping Streets Invented by Col Boaze.
Ah! this is what comes of Improvement—this is the happy effects of the March of Intellect *BRACKETED* —No employment for Scavengers now—when I had the management of the Rubbish concern, I found plenty of employment for all of them
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
13
London Eveng Post
We found the whole of them your Worship robbing the Hen Roosts
Sergeant—take those noisy fellows to the House of Correction
Rights!! our Rights! Pigs, Poultry, our Rights!! Pigs, Rights!!! Poultry, Poultry, Pigs, Rights!! Pigs, Poultry, Poultry, Pigs, Rights, Rights!!!!!
Please to Remember the Poor Cast off Charleys
We'll all take our Oaths, your Worship that they are all honest men
We can't keep a Pig or a Fowl for 'em your Worship
When I forsake my King, May God forsake me
Well said Old Boy! You're a true Disciple
Oh! rare! he is a precious Brother
How well he has learned his Lesson
Who w'od have ever thought to have heard him pray
What a Hypocrite! a second Cardinal Wolsey!
I thought he never called on God but to curse Mankind!
One wo'd almost think he was in earnest
Yes if it did not seem so odd To hear him talking about God
Surely he thinks to reform
Pshaw! Pshaw! he means only to serve this Turn
This Farce wo'nt do in these Enlightned Days.
Draft for 10,000 Pounds *BRACKETED* Northumberland
Donations—Duke of Nord £10000 —Marqs of Abern £1000—Lord Egotist *BRACKETED* £1000— . . Mount *BRACKETED* 800
Humble Solicitations to the Humane & Benevolent
the most Noble Marquiss of Abercorn
The Rt honb Lord Ego— Lord Mountjoy, Duke of —
The Right Honl Lord Castler *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> His Roy *BRACKETED* the Prin *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Charles Kemble wears fashionable modern dress. Behind, the front of Northumberland House is partly obscured by thick clouds of smoke from the fire of Covent Garden Theatre. These frame fierce flames and broken walls behind which appear the stage-curtain and a few boxes next the stage. In front of the smoke, and in shadow, Harlequin postures, followed by a fool, or zany, both delighted at the success of the begging expedition. Above the design:  OPEN>> —New Dramatic Resource—"a Begging we will go!—a Scene from Covent Garden Theatre after the Conflagration
—"have Pity Upon all our Aches & Wantes!—
Scene, in the Island of Jersey.
And will your Ladyship ever remain cruel, & insensible to emotions which You alone can excite?
Oh you flatterer! Every body knows your devotion to Woods & Forests: therefor don't talk to me of Love, false man! my heart bleeds only for my persecuted friends of the true Church in Ireland. You are the only man in Christendom who is able to emancipate them. Grant me this favor, dearest! most illustrious hero and then perhaps—I could - - - -
Scene in the Duchy of Lancaster.
Was that his knock? or is the false man a Jesuit in Love too?—Oh no although he spends his mornings in her boudoir—he loves her not—she cannot touch his cold heart—she too cares not for him but to serve her politics—& for that she assails his vanity—his weak side, on which I first attacked him—yes! his vanity! his passions!—these are the points for me to work at!—heart he has none.
PP
I'm sorry to intrude, but some dirty Rogue—has lately been copying my Caricatuers—robbing us of our Ideas & Just profit—may I ask of my Friends not to purchase unless they see the Publisher T McLeans name at the Bottom all others are Copies—P Pry.
Lord Sir he'll spoil the Pig, and my Lady will blame me for it
Pish! you fool he won't hurt it, let him baste it
Lack a day! Such a fool as you make of him!
Dedicated to the Poor— Penny-less—Priest-ridden and Paralysed John Bull See Morning Herald of Augt 14th 1829.
To Let
Empty
They denounce me a Fool, I acknowledge the fact But Necessitas Leges  OPEN>> twas drew the compact By Estimates false, and Contracts still worse They have brought me to Want, having Emptied my Purse
pro bono publico
The Adelaide
they say Sailors can't drive, but they will find we have not had such a Coachman these ten years!
Steady my Boy's, pull altogether—. I say my Lads behind. Keep a sharp look out, there are some suspicious looking Characters on the Road!!!
I say Bob, I do'nt much like this situation,—do you?
No, nor this livery either
Holloa Coachman stop,—We want Places
No room,—all full, inside and Out
Murder - Murder oh.
come along & fight the French, an be hanged to you by J ... s man you dont know when you are used well; So you won't be a Gentleman Soldier you thief; B . . . t you what do you call Murder for!
D------n him. strip him.
You Lie you------donna I ken the fellow wha told you muckle bad O me.
Oh dear I de-Clare I am so frighten'd I wish I could get away.
I have no chance with you Madam in point of Language and the only excuse I can make is, how came you so?
de Paris
Just cross'd the Channel therefore, whole Seas over.
nothing New my Lady often taken so
Above Bridge N° 1
Strasbourg
Droll
Where's all your boasting now my old Bull! by St George I knew I could bring you upon your knees! ay, and before I have done riding you I'll make you knock under.
Don't mind, don't mind, don't mind *BRACKETED* , he'll soon recover, It's all sham, his stumbling
No grumbling, you rascal! You must pay the Piper to be sure. What the devil, surely you couldn't expect the great folks that represent you to contribute a shilling! Besides you are a damn'd saucy fellow, master Bull, and you must be tam'd.
Tam'd: why, good God, Sir, I have scarcely a morsel of bread to eat, and even the Small Beer is Tax'd above my purchase!
Ex Officio
Sun
Standard
News
Herald
Spectator
No Tyranny can arrest the March of intellect
Magna Charta
Ex Officio
Morning Journal
Ex Off *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  document *BRACKETED* . Scarlett's document-match is inscribed  OPEN>> A Power unknown to Magna Charta
Second Charge
Censor *BRACKETED* of the Pr *BRACKETED* ;  OPEN>> Repeal . Habe . . Corpus
Licence to Print
Gaging Act
Act . .  OPEN>> ;  OPEN>> Security
Warrants to Search
Fire again, and if they offer any resistance I'll set my Blue Regiment, on them—I go more secretly to work than Polignac—
Regardez moi—garde-a-toi—
the Devil's Menagerie
every Pauper on the State List . . . from the King to the meanest Pensioner. . . . The People for Ever! Huzza!!
Mr ----- in one of the most animated Speeches he ever made in his Life engaged the Attention of the whole house - he began with saying That he should have sat a silent Spectator of the business of the day if a very personal Attack had not been made upon him by calling him the Head of a Faction, he assured the Gentleman nothing was farther from his Heart, all now wished for was a Union upon a broad basis, upon a fair, tho' not an equal footing, and if the Right honourable Gentleman over the Way would but submit to a Capitulation, he would most cordially concorporate with him. As to the Idea of his having lost any part of his Weight with his Constituents he assured the Right Honble Gentleman he was convinced he never stood higher in their good Opinion than in his present Situation. For although *BRACKETED* a Host of Ruffians *BRACKETED* desperate as Chairmen from Brookes's lately made an Attempt upon my Life *BRACKETED* I say upon my Life Sir I have no doubt but that in Case a Dissolution takes place I shall be prepared to meet it with as high a head as any Member of this House.  OPEN>> Sublimi feriam sidera vertice, Mr ------ then brought forward to their View the only means of securing a permanent and popular Administration ridiculed the Impropriety of attending to Addresses from corporate Bodies, accused Sr Richd Hill of throwing Scripture and Rochester in his Teeth, and concluded with an earnest Exhortation to the Country Gentlemen to lay their Heads together and take into Consideration the Measures which had brought Charles to the Block. Sir Richd Hill said he should neither quote the Bible or Rochester, though he couldn't help saying he would recommend to some Gentn of that house the Precepts of the one and the Repentance of the other, he also recommended That in order to ease the Landed Interest the Reckoning of the Gentlemen at the St Albans should be paid out of the Balance remaining in Mr Rigby
Astley's Body of Horsemanship
Becomes an Antiquary
Now mine goot Senor, me do vish to give you de benefit, You sal have dis fine Antique & you sal give me von little dirty Pounds
Studies Music
Mr Pickle Sir this is too bad here have I & my family been in Bed these four hours & cant get a Wink of sleep. Mrs H is quite Nervous, I've got the headache the Children are crying and—You'll excuse me all though *BRACKETED* the frightful Noise you'r making you'll pardon me
Aerostation
Painting
You vile Man, getting me to sit before you only to be Caircatured *BRACKETED* so provokeingly. I'll teach you to make your Jest of me there Sir, there
Poetry
Azure—Azure what Devil ryhmes *BRACKETED* with that but brazier. Azure—Azure, brazier
Cudgel thy brains no longer
Chymistry. An Unlucky Experiment
help, help, fire, fire
Reform Bill
Schedule A
Times
Life in Paris
A Corinthian
I'll call and pay. A regular bad one
Vy I did pay!!!
I can't pay!
Lawyer. Shark
Sartjee The Hottentot Venus
Miss Harvey the Beautiful Albiness with Silk hair perfectly white and pink Eyes!! to be seen at Whigleys Rooms Spring Gardens
Vat Uggerly tings no like a fine Voman no Grease about dem like I
Miss Ridsdale Only 30 Inches high and 35 years Old, to be Seen at Wigleys Rooms ...
Justice
Waterford Intrest
Infamy
Impudence
Cowardice
Thief
Lies
Ignorance
G
87
Sugar Bags
Gas Pipe
The Worshipful Company of Grocers or Anti Genuine Tea Dealers
—Silence! you Mr Cock-Sparrow or Sparrow-hawk or whatever yr name is, your *BRACKETED* are devilish impudent! to thrust yr self before all yr fellow tradesmen in this manner!—And I must tell you, since you have pushed yr beak so forward that it appears upon the evidence before me as how that you Mr Cockscomb, Hatchetface, & others, have just been doing the very thing you charge this Company with! viz professing yr shops to be the only places where Genuine Tea is to be got! which implys of course that all the rest is humbug. Now, I should be glad to know, by the bye, what sort of Tea you have been selling before you have been obliged to sell the genuine sort?!!! precious stuff it must have been truly!! not that I charge you *BRACKETED* with Adulterating yr Tea with poisonous ingredients & such like, as some have done, but I really must say, that the cap seems to fit or I shd think you would not have put it on. But I find respectable men have taken no notice of the matter. I find you have raised the price of sugar & in some cases refused to sell for fear it should sweeten the Compys Tea. if there should be a Genuine Sugar Compy as well what will become of you then?!! but I see the word genuine sticks in yr gizzard.—& shall therefore come to a conculsion *BRACKETED* . You may take leave to  OPEN>> Abuseum Black-guardum Slanderum
In justias contemptas
Genuine
This is our offence.
L. G T C—23—Ludgate Hill— The public may depend upon having Genuine Tea at this establishment.
Blackamoor
Will I nat get lave to Spake
Recognisance My Self £1.000 2 Sureties 500 each
The Woman who shews General Guise collection of Pictures at Oxford
Life in Paris
Provisions for brave Elliot
Jack English
Reform
I'll blow ye all up in style—I've the powder and combustibles—I'm the Re-former of Abuses & ye know it—Nemo me impune lacesset
my Son in Law
A Crown, - take it, or leave't
Prices of Provision. 1795 Journeymans Wages - 1795 Mutton 10 1/2d £b. Carpenters 12sh pr Week Lamb 11 D° Shoemakers 10sh D° Veal 11 1/2 D° Bakers 9sh D° Beef 12 D° Gardeners 8sh D° Small Beer - 2d pr Quart Smiths 8sh D° Bread 12d Husbandmen 7sh D° pr Quarter Loaf God save the King
Billy the Butcher's advice to John Bull. Since Bread is so dear, *BRACKETED* For to save the Expence, you must live upon Meat; And as Twelve Pence the Quartern you can't pay for Bread Get a Crown's worth of Meat, - it will serve in its stead
Taleo. Taleo. Taleo. o. o. o.
Park *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  an allusion to the battle of the Dogger Bank, 3 Aug. 1781, see BMSat 5848. On the king's right run two dogs.  OPEN>> How
Pigot
Rodney
Elliot
Lewis Baboon, taking a flying leap
Italy
*BRACKETED* tzerland
cit
Cape of Go *BRACKETED* Hope]
Map of Ceylon
Spain
France
Holland
You may as well let John Bull enjoy his Dream and go on with your Duett and I'll fill another pipe - ca Ira
A ha I see this is a Jostling Match between them by St Jago I'll at Malbroke again.
Monsr de Malbroke est mort - Eh Vel, Vat now Objections encore - est meme est enterrée
Malbrook s'en . . .
Lord Mac | *BRACKETED* has got back | And all his trouble's ended | But I fear | I shall stay here, | Till all the Wine's expended
Malms *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , while France has one of  OPEN>> Cham-pa *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . On the wall hangs a plan of a fort inscribed  OPEN>> Lisle
Objections ...
O by Gar Jack Anglois you vil squeze my gob out vid your great bundle of Objections.
Why you French foutre I think your own bundle is most likely to do it You have a rare lot of them, make way d'ye hear
No Jemmy the acre for me
Chichester
Light Troops
Robes
Here take the Robes my Lord
I should make an Excellent Bishop
An Arch - one
By the Grace of God Arch-Bishop Charles
*BRACKETED* 10.000—
Clarks Charges
Here are some genuine articles from an Indian Prince to the deceased owner & sav'd Entirely for the Moths as they were never worn—poor soul she died very poor having given away all her money in Charity So pray my good people Bid Liberally or the Children will be destitute!!
A bribe *BRACKETED* Gift from Governor Hastings Lot 5—
Lot 4
Lot 12
Queens Mixture
Strasburg
Princes Mixture
Lot 7
Lot 8
Fontainebleau
Île d'Elbe
Written by Captain Morris; with additional Stanzas by the late Mr. Hewerdine, marked by inverted Commas.
In the Country how pleasant our visits to make, Thro
<<CLOSE   Who first sedue'd my youthful Mind from Virtue? -  OPEN>> Who plann'd my Treasons, & who caus'd my Death? -  OPEN>> Remember poor Lord Edward, and despair!!! -  OPEN>>  Fox says:  OPEN>> "Why do'st thou shake thy, Goary Locks at me?  OPEN>> Dear, bravest, worthiest, noblest, best of Men!  OPEN>> Thou can'st not say, I did it! -  OPEN>>  The body on Lord Edward's right and on the extreme right is that of Grogan, a leader of rebels in Wexford, it was said under compulsion, hanged from Wexford Bridge, his head fixed on a pike. Lecky,  OPEN>> Hist. of England
Remember Hervay
Quigley
Shears's
Confessions \\ of O'Conner \\ Ol Bond
. . . Head Quarters London. Plan of the Irish Rebellion
Choice Spirits Anniversary Meeting
While on a visit in the hundreds of Essex being under the necessity of getting dead drunk, every day to save your life.  OPEN>> Et propter vitam vivendi perdere causas.
For the purpose of Exhibiting to Unsuspecting Compassion the Great difference between *BRACKETED* The Hypocritical Complaints and ungrateful Disloyalty of a fallen and Catch-penny Patriot, whose greater guilt remains yet unpunished, whilst his services always experienced splendid rewards— meanly intercepting that Charity, more properly belonging to the Poor / And | *BRACKETED* The dignified sorrow and calm submission to ingratitude & oppression, of a Loyal Soldier, who after ruining his health & circumstances in acts of disinterested fidelity, was abandoned to encounter the most cruel neglect and poverty—
I am truly deserving, & I'll prove it by Affidavit.
Address to mislead the generous and unwary
Pray bestow One Penny on a poor & wretched Object.
King's Bench Poor Box
Stock-jobbing Profits undetected,—Gains on Omnium. Sold by Y.Z . . . £2090, on D° by O.X. 1684, on D° by R.O. 3960, on D° by Z.A.—5710— on Consols. 1419—£14863 *BRACKETED* .
Prize Money £32,800
£40 ...  OPEN>> ;  OPEN>> Saving out of my Income £75,600
Pension to my aged Father promised on Honor! NB not to be delivered
Profit made by flinging his Books &c Overboard
*BRACKETED* omised . . . hoarded up, never to be paid
A Schedule of my Grievous Losses and which must entitle me to the universal support.—
Heavy Losses. 1 My Box of Jack Knives! NB. this was a boyish speculation, replete with Loss, Grief and Disgrace. 2 My Mercantile Cruises to Barbary!! 3 Heavy Bribes at Malta! &c. 4 Failure of my Agricultural Scheme *BRACKETED* 5 £500,000, which I might have cleared by Stock-jobbing!!!! *BRACKETED* 6 Tremendous expenses, viz Trials, Fines, Affidavits, Bribing the Press, Puffs &c!!!! 7  OPEN>> My Housekeepers
lay in durance vile!
Minor Losses— 8 Fatal Loss, Lamp Scheme, all Smoke. 9 My Knights Banner, Plume &c. 10 My Ship, Rank & Equipment!! 11 Public Confidence!! 12 My Parliamentary seat NB recovered for the present moment, but—Alas!!! 13 My Reputation *BRACKETED* 14 My Conscience *BRACKETED* 15 My Credence on Oath *BRACKETED* !!! 16 My Loyalty & Honor!! *BRACKETED* .
H.M.S. Tonnante
Hilloh Shipmate! what have your old tricks brought you to this sort of mooring at last?—Well, well, belay your Sniveling, for poor and hungry as Jack is, he'll spare you  OPEN>> a Penny
Avast, heaving away your ballast! Dont you see as how he's hoisted false Colours again, to sink and ruin the soft-hearted, as he did many others besides poor Berenger?—About Jack I say, as you would from a quick Sand. — How did he sarve poor Vancouver *BRACKETED* , when he wanted the money he'd lent him in Charity, to rig him for a Midshipman? why just as he sarved his poor old Father, for tho' his lockers were well stored, he only jeered and denied him.
A curse on such friends to the poor!—It's all my eye, for do you ever see his name in a Subscription for Charity? No that wont do as well as puffs, or his speeches which he affords us free enough; for tho' the beggar is as rich as a Jew, he's mean enough to pick the pockets of us poor folk, even of  OPEN>> a Penny
Here rests the Body of Lord George Gordon, whose Insanity misled an unthinking Populace, & wantonly caused the Sacrifice of several hundred Lives, still lamented by many distressed Widows & Orphans—He died in Newgate, Mercy having saved him from a severer Punishment.
The Dissected Remains of the executed Jonathan Wild of infamous Memory, are Buried here A Wretch whose diabolical & ferocious policy was to mislead & then to sacrifice those who had served him.
*BRACKETED* lies the Body of Earl Ferrers who was Hanged *BRACKETED* for the Murder of a faithful Servant.
To the Memory & in Pity of the unfortunate Lord William Murray, who endured close custody in Newgate where he Died for merely preparing to escape from The King's Bench Prison.
Belisarius
Shame on that Country, which wholly forgetting the faithful and zealous Services of a Servant, can thus abandon him to misery, want, and cruelty!
Date Obolum Belisario— Bestow a Trifle on Belisarius
The First Chapter of the Book of Kings
The Lamentations
Shah Allum
Treasury Cape
L. 40,00,00
Ann. Reg.
Camb. Hist. of the British Empire
Tragedy
Comedy
Alarmed at the Progress of a Giant of their own Creation
PROCLAMATION | Anglesey | Whereas
Repeal of the Union
Agitation
He walks thro
This is even worse than being Hunted out of Preston
Never mind I have got another ready made in my pocket
He must be stopped at all Hazards
Bill to prohibit the growth of Tobacco in Ireland
That's right!
At all hazards!—I dont like the phrase it implies danger!!
Good Generalship may be shewn in a well timed retreat
The Bank Restriction
Consequences, if taken off ...
Consequences of its Operation . . .
National Prosperity Promoted
General Distress Increased
Note
Slave Trade Abolished
To Chiswick
Graham's private advice
Devonshire Minuet
Sentimental Toasts
Capt Morris's Songs
Liber-tatis
A Scene after Nature near Ciudad Rodrigo September 1811. Obstupuere Omnes!
Adieu Messieurs.
Sacrebleu!!!,
Quel Diable d'anglois
Est il possible.
Treachery
Cruelty
Calum *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Treason
Lies
Ireland
France
Spain
Italy
Interest
Approach & Salute the Broad Bottom of Royalty!!
Standard of venality
Cole
to be Given Away
Road to Preferment
broad bottom
Honi Soit qui mal...
Secret Influence Drying Clouts! Nursing Making toast *BRACKETED* Rocking the Cradle, &c. &c. &c.
Hall of Prerogative 1784
Majority of ye New P------T We are your Devoted Slaves
Rat Catcher
John Dinely
How happy will a Lady be To have a little Baronet, to dandle on her Knee
"Careful Observers, studious of the Town,  OPEN>> Shun the Misfortunes that disgrace the Clown. Gay's Trivia.
Slang Dict.
House of Correction
Petition in Favor of Sedition
for Sedition
Girls Petition
Boys Petition
Washerwomens Pn
Pickpocket from Newgate
Drunkards
Marshalsea
Burow Clink
Bridwell
These will serve for a few hours Jaw, & if we can but procrastinate the Bill a few days we may be able to Effect something in that Time.
St Lukes from Thelwal with an Essay on Deism
Gamblers Peti *BRACKETED* on Dustmens
an adress from that oppresed body of Men on Board the Hulks *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Bankrupts P *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Nightmen
Scavengers
Card & Dice Makers
an adress
Fish Women
Eagle
Damme there's the Horse that trimm'd these West India Fellows
Snip
Galen Glauber
Game Laws
Folio XI
Vagrant Act
Penal Laws
Blackton *BRACKETED* Vol 2
this precipitate Maniac
too foetid for further Use
1.600
I am indeed your Wife.
What your own Wife ha—ha—
Oh what a form? what Symetry, what Elegance of manners; in every gesture dignity and Love.—Oh how I long to have my Eyes gratified with a sight of that much injured fair one—a Slave indeed—no she shall not be a Slave to any Mans Passions, I'll take care of that; for I'll I'll Marry her myself!!!—What, what, save me, hide me from—from—from—Myself.
Accept my Son the Empire of the Main
Go generous gallant Rodney, - go on, pursue, maintain your Country's noble cause
Admiral Pig
I. O. U. 17000
Does the Devonshire Member want Reasons - £17000 contains cogent ones
that for what appeared to him wise and prudent reasons he had advised his sovereign to adopt such a measure, and though he should have such reasons as all the world should approve he never would give any other answer... for though he was an enemy to the Crown, he would always stand forward to support its just and constitutional prerogative
Parl. Hist.
Memoirs
Le Double Cabinet
His Grace D of Dorset
East India Bill
Le celebre Chat Ecossers que a obtenu un place dans le Cabenet Royal il qa *BRACKETED* vignt quatre ans On present botte et loruble *BRACKETED* surtout aux ministres du Roy
Le Quadrant pour le compagnon du Chat Eccossois qu'on ne a pas encore trouvé
Marcus Aurelius Servius Tullius . . .
Addison - Dr. Swift
Life is a jest & all things shew it I thought so once but now I know it.
from the nursery
Zoological Garden
we should rejoice
What happy days, what merry days What happy days we'll see
<<CLOSE . .. Straight a pair *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> Of angels in full sail of wing flew nigh,  OPEN>>  Who on their plumy vans received him soft,  OPEN>> From his uneasy station *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> Then in a flow'ry valley set him down,  OPEN>> On a green bank— *BRACKETED* and soon repair'd  OPEN>> What sorrow *BRACKETED* , if ought sorrow *BRACKETED* had repair'd *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> Or Shame *BRACKETED* — ['Paradise Regain'd
While deeply, delightfully, and as you hope safely engaged at home in the morning, after peremptory orders of denial to all comers whomsoever, to be suddenly surprized through the treachery or folly of your servant by an inroad from a party of the starched stupid cold idle natives of a country town who lay a formal siege *BRACKETED* to your leisure
W.M.
False Musters
False Certificates for Volunteer Companies
False Returns
Retention of Cloathing
Contract for Building a Man of War *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> Cancelled and Money Return'd
Retention of Bounty
Who. Doubts, it?
The Theatres
For wooden Sword I've chang'd my useless Pen I ne'er could Write & Hate all writing Men
Shak ...
Johns ...
Shake...
Mother Shipton
Oh my Coly my Coly oh my Coly my Deary
Bad has begun and worse remains behind
Scene 3d Arrival at Greenock.
Post Boy
Scene 4 Rather late!! to be continued
Grammar School
Two despairing women guarded by two sleeping men:  OPEN>> "The fatigue which had exhausted Flammock & the monk, was unfelt by the two anxious maidens...
Port
Thou lignum-vitae. Roscius...
Lottery £20000 £1OOOO . . 0000 £6000 Wine Prizes no Blank
Actis aevum implet, non sequibus annis. Ovid. He fill'd his space with deeds, and not with lingring years
We have much pleasure in presenting our readers with the above accurate representation of the Burmese imperial state carriage...
Expeditious Travelling
To correspondents.
Theatre
Circus
A Modern Spread Eagle
I'll to my Bottle my Marchioness *BRACKETED* my Countess *BRACKETED* my Dears.
Then I'll to my Child my only Comfort.
The Child that feels not for a Mothers woes can ne'er be call'd a Briton.
my Ridicule
Presented to the Northern Monarchs as a Model for their New National Banner, in consequence of the General Peace
People
Lords
King
Commons
a boroughing creature
"And ye Turkeycock burst right in twain
Wool Sack
Starvation Farm Yard Islington
Turkey in Europe
Turkey in Asia
Black Sea
luckless old fop
She divides without law,  OPEN>> Then unites boil'd and raw,  OPEN>> As my Lord joins the Flemings and Dutch.
On ye half that was hot—The raw half fast & closely I tied
In Chancery
Domestic Cooking by a Lady—Rich Eggshell Broth—Bone Soup— Gristle Haricot
Coals & Wood
Grease & Dripping
Salt-box
Voice of the People
Treaty of Commerce
Budget
Shop Tax
Glove Tax
Hat Duty
Tax on Perfumes
45
Spoils of the American War 80000
Repeal of the Shop Tax
Coniac
I  OPEN>> am come again about the Taxes Sir - if agreeable to you to discharge them
New Taxes for the Year 1796
Additional Taxes on Window Lights
*BRACKETED* axes Receipts Taxes
Open your mouth wide & I'll pluck un out for your Ladyship in half the time the Frenchman would be talking about un
Stop, give me fair play Surely you do not take me for a Pidgeon! no, no but I have Plucked many a one.
Brewers Trew English Tooth Powder made from pure British Herbs
Query—Could he have seen worse?
Round coals
Hollo. Matey you ant paid your footing yet-
Dutchess of Devonshire
Lord Morpeth
Castle Howard
Mornings at Bow Street
Scourge
A Joint Stock Company dividing their Losses—
Tarn the Tevil.
They call this a Joint Stock Compy I think it will be a joint loss one.
How are Stocks to Day?
D—d low.
Gentlemen, depend upon it this is a flourishing concern—-for though you get nothing yet, you will be sure to have something at last Only subscribe a little more money and then it will all come in a lump.
Debts £40,000 Devidend £0. 0. 0.
Report
History of the South Sea Bubble
Life of John Law the Celebrated Projector
500 Shares
Waste Paper
A Bankrupt settleing with his Creditors—
cit
Ledger
Day Book
Here I am Gentlemen, do with me as you please— my body is yours but my Chattels are gone to the devil—I assure you I conceal nothing for I have nothing to conceal.
a d—d bad batch.
City Feast
Prodigal Son
Harlot's Prog *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , based on plate 2 of Hogarth's series *BRACKETED* . Cf. No. 12779. *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> A Legacy forgotten—
I will... in sound bo ..... I bequeath to my Dear Nephew—
Just as my poor father wrote these words he expired I know he meant to do something handsome for you & as I wish to fulfil his intentions pray accept this mourning ring.
I assure you I most deeply lament my uncle's death just at that moment. Oh that he had lived a minute longer! What a d—d hurry he must have been in!
Cape of Good Hope
Hood and Wray my dear Butcher
I am engaged to the Dutchess
Pho
The fattest I ever handled
Lincolnshire dammee and a Plumper by G-d
honi soit
from Briton to Winsty
N.B. The Welch Women all ride cross legged and bare-backed
Going to rest
Rules for the better Regulation of Workhouses
Busy Body
Is this your boasted philanthropy—your regard for political freedom?
Have I not a right to do what I will with my own? Go, and sow your Wilde oats!— I'll have no tenants who shall presume to vote but as I please.
Ignorant man! What has philanthropy or political freedom to do with His Grace's own Boro!?
letter
Truth and justice
the Hon. Sir Thomas McKenny
Plaise your Worship it's a scandalous shame that honest Women can't take a bit of a walk near the Royal Canal but they must shut their eyes! as the place is full of Naked blackguards; cooling themselves this hot weather.
Upon my Soul your Honor it's all true they are standing all about the place your worship!
What a Shame!!
What they say is very true I've seen it myself, it's a great shame.
Burns Justice
20 pence is 1s.8d—6 & 4 is 10
Cooling themselves by J—!! in the Royal Canal too!!! the Devil burn 'em!!—I'll cool the Vagabonds— Paddy O
By the Powers! we'll commit them.
Sure we are only diverting ourselves your Worship becase we have no dinner
Faith & sure & the'll never lave us to go home Naked!
School Mistress -  OPEN>> Milk a Bear, Child, spell that again.
These three Chil-dren Mil-cah bore.
Modern Belles. Dedicated to all the Beaux. By the Author of the Greeks, . . . *BRACKETED* Sixth Edition . . . London Printed for J. J. Stockdale, No. 41, Pall-Mall
a valuable snuff-box of snowballs
made love to
Avito viret honore
Town Talk
Lethe
To Fame
To the Bank of England
Milton
Shakespeare
Rabelais
Le Sage
Pope
Fielding
Moliere
Racine
Dryden
Chaucer
Cowper
Johnson
Gay
Ben Johnson  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* ,  OPEN>> Swift
Newton
Locke
Akenside
Congreve
Tickell
Savage
Prior
Spencer
Addison
Rowe
Lady of the Lake
Give all thou cans't, and let me hope for More
Five shillings a line by G—d.
Whit *BRACKETED* ea *BRACKETED* Enti *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , slung from a drayman's pole carried by two men. Two others haul at it by ropes, and three more push or walk behind. Astride the barrel sits Byron, fashionably dressed and *BRACKETED* wearing a ribbon and star. In his pocket is  OPEN>> Childe Harold Pilgrimage
Address for the opening of the New Drury Lane Theatre
What with my address, title and Pilgrimage I shall be sure to get a seat on the mount, for I know the road well enough, having travell'd this classic ground before.
Fleet Street
Pater Noster Row
His Lordship seems tickled,
Well he might when the Committee were determined he should bear away the Palm.
The Lousiad
Pension
A pretty troop of Candidates for fame I have left at the bottom of the hill, all for getting Money, fools if they think to get a sprig of laurel much less a bundle!!
Wit
I have caught thee at last!  OPEN>> Come live with me and be my Love
Broad Grins by G
Day Rule
Sherry
The Rivals
I see a vacant seat near Rabelais that shall content me for the loss of one at St-d *BRACKETED* a parcell of rotten leather-heads and be damend to them.
The Friend
Thala *BRACKETED* the Destroy *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , indicating Southey. Near two emerging hands floats  OPEN>> Political Justice by
Novel/etts *BRACKETED* / in Rhym
Lyrical Ballads
Monk
The Monk by G M Lewis
Gleanings in
Triumphs of Temper
Alfred by . . .
Burnt Out
Why Hello Spangle Jack what are you running so fast for en't you contented yet!
No! I never shall recover burning out!
The Devils Bridge
grand operatic romance
Dramatic Censor
Charges. - Ist For opposing the Right of Subjects to dethrone their King. - 2d For opposing the Right of Sans-Culottes to Equalize Property, & to annihilate Nobility. 3d For opposing the Right of Free Men to extirpate the farce of Religion, & to divide the Estates of the Church.
Guillotine
Defence of Hardy
Value of the Garde Meuble
Rights of Man
Dr Price
Dr Priestley
Voltaire
Rosseau
Decrees of the British Convention *BRACKETED* Man is, & shall be Free, therefore Man is, & shall be Equal. Man therefore has nor shall have Superior in Heaven or upon Earth.
Treasury Cash to be issued in Assignats
D° Cash for D°
Vive la République
Libertas
For Duke's Place
For D°
Forfeited Estates of Loyalists. Chatham, Mansfield, Grenville.
Mr Noodle, how do you do?
Mr Doodle how are you?
Protestant Petition against Catholic Emancipation!
Sure such a day so renown'd & so Vain-Glorious Such a day as this was never seen! Two Lord Mayors so gay & the Mob so uproarious! Nature seems to wear an universal Grin!!
Oh this is a day of Jubilee, Cajollery A day we never saw before, a Day of Fun & Drollery!
That you may say, the Orangemen may boast of it And since it never can come more Tis fit they make the most of it!
Journal
pas seul
II n'y a au monde que deux Heros Le Roi de Prusse et le Chevalier Descassau. In all the World, but Hero's two I know Prussia's fam'd King & Marquis Descassau.
Vide the Chevrs own Poetry
Born 10 Augt 1710. Died 16 Feby 1775
Watch with Diligence!!
Gin
Advance with Spirit!!
Face your Enemies!!
Stand to your Guns!!
Reverence Treaties!!
Alliance Treaty
Assist your Government!!
Obey your orders!!
Rise in a Mass!!
Statdholder
"Sing we, in harmony, Apollo's praise.
Beware of Bad Houses
Subscription Ho *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . A tipsy gamester leaves it, saying:  OPEN>> I say! ta ta take ca ca care of your Pockets - I've been in develish genteel Company.
Done! Settled for the Night.
Step in! Step in! here's the Duke of Doem the Earl of Nickem and Lord Shufleton I'll introduce you into some of the first Company.
10.000
5.000
5.000
Ambition Folly Pride Vainglory
Conquest of Spain by Treachery
Oh, these cursed Spanish Pills! they will be the death of me! Brother Joe's nose is the longest for the very smell of them made him run away! - Oh how they - Oh - Oh -No wonder my poor Soldiers cannot stand it -Oh! Oh! All those precious plans around me will certainly go to Pot!
Universal dominion
Persia and China easy conquest after Europe is secured
Ireland a Nest Egg for Josephine.
Austrian Dynasty an Abomination and must be removed-Germany divided and made Tributary, Tartary in me shall find a Tartar, The Kingdom of Denmark to be suspended
Sweden and Norway to be given to Russia till farther orders
Invasion of England easy enough - just cross the Channel and there we are.
Plan of Conquering India by Land.
Russia respited during pleasure
Division of Gt Britain into Districts &c. &c. &c.
Both of the Americas to be Colonies of France
Map of London
Division of the Turkish Empire and the Seraglio brought to Paris for the good of the French Nation
All the World to be governed by France to prevent future Wars.
The Pope an Old Woman not fit to reign
Zounds how he cuts and spurs away. If I dont take great care, he will certainly have me off. - He has got me on to the crupper already.
Never fear Sir - we shall agree very well - but when two ride on a Horse, - one must ride behind you know!
Law
Obstinacy
Patronage Numbers
Controul
A Volume of Considerations for dropping the Impeachment of Sr Thos Rumbold Humbly Dedicated to the Rt Honl H. Dundas by his most Obed. Humble Servt Thos Rumbo *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The opposite page consists of four bank-bills or cheques for £500. The ass tramples on papers inscribed  OPEN>> Rights
Charters
Privileges
Wheel Tax
Hat Tax
Shop Tax
Hat Tax
House Tax
Horse Tax
Commutation Tax
Receipt Tax
India Bill
Declaratory Bill
Glove Tax
Servants Tax
The Satirist
Grown Gentlemen instructed in Eloquence & Grace by Professor Tellwell little Boys by Mrs Tellw *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . The Professor *BRACKETED* , standing on the stage, rams a sponge on a pole *BRACKETED* , into the mouth of a man kneeling on the floor below him. The words  OPEN>> Och, Och, Och
one of his Milesian friends ... a Newport smuggler
had been exchequered
Bony a Bull for Pip Ponsy
wished to become a leading political orator
Students for the Cabinet from Litchfield
Probationary Dramatic Critics for Examiner, Beau Monde, &c.
Catholic Bill
inconsistent with grace
Pension Plaister
Foolscap
monastery of Stow
Extreme Unction
grey friar
Witbread Entire
Cop . . hag
a Political Methodist
the orator's clerk
red-nosed drunken-looking rogue
Norfolk Dumplin
Management
The Elect New Birth Grace Faith
Westley's Hyms W
Rochesters Poems
Practical Exercises on Grace
Shapes mended Broad Bottoms neatly pared and Talents improved
three great modern actors
a black-bird
Vox Populi
Peace and Plenty
Bread Sixpence Pr Qu *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ,  OPEN>> Royal Gin 4 sh *BRACKETED* r Gall
Beef Fourpence Pr Pound
Hei! Hei! Hei! Hei-pretty sight, indeed - Sancho is a great Man, great Man with the People! will make an able Governour - trial's all - Billy had many ups and downs - Sancho s the Idol of John Bull - makes fine speeches - sweet as Plumb Pudding to John! Sancho's the Man for little Boney - he'll make him prance about as if he was dancing on a hot griddle!
My most worthy and approved good Friends; you shall shorthly *BRACKETED* have all your Houses covered with Pancakes and your Streets paved with Quartern Loaves, or say my name is not Sancho; you shall never have the belly ach again from eating bad Bread - all the Pews in the Churches shall be thrown open to you without fee or favour, you shall see the *BRACKETED* Lions for nothing, the *BRACKETED* Tombs for nothing, & St Pauls for nothing - in short all that is rare & beautifull in England for nothing! I cannot promise more, so Huzza till you are hoarse, and Heaven bless you
Green Bag Lies
Prepare a Black B—l—for to ground a Di—ce
being a Punishment for Usurping the Devils Title of  OPEN>> Father of Lies
D—n him how he Stinks!!! Foh!
Register Stove
Cobb *BRACKETED* s Register
Oh! dear! oh dear! I was in hopes  OPEN>> the Devil would not have had me D—nd lest the fat that is in me should set Hell on fire
Bl—dy old Times
Aye! aye! Billy I thought you'd catch it! Master don't like any body to be thought a bigger LIAR than himself
"Pity the Sorrows of a poor old Man, add a trifle to what has been bestowed by Ministry to stop my Complaints: - O give me opportunity of recanting once more! - Ah! remember me in your Golden Dreams! - great Leviathan of liberty, let me but play & frolick in the Ocean of your royal Bounty, & I will be for ever your Creature; - my Hands, - Brains, - my Soul & Body, - the very Pen through which I have spouted a torrent of Gall against my original Friends, and cover'd you all over with the Spray, every thing of me, & about me, shall be yours - dispence but a little of your Golden store to a desolate Old Man
Hark'ee, old double Face, - its no use use *BRACKETED* for you to stand Jawing there, if you gull other people, you won't bother us out a single Shilling, with all your canting-rant, - no, no, it wo'nt do, old Humbug! - let them bribe you, who are afraid of you, or want your help, - your Gossip wont do here: -
Last Dying Speech of Old Honesty the Jesuit
£4000 pr Annum
Reflections upon Political Apostacy
Faction
Deceit
Ambition
Envy
The way to the House of L------
Preroga *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; he wears an ermine-trimmed robe but no crown. He says,  OPEN>> I will maintain my Dignity tho' I have But Half a Crown left
To oblivion
I am a representative
we are all trew members
St Stephen's Plain
A Hint to Cabinet Makers
Board of Controul
Secy at War
Why! W—nn this is Your profession! I was brought up to Trade
Well if you come to me I'll teach you—but I must go to P—m—st—n for a few lessons myself
You are very persuasive but really I have some particular engagements with some Yorkshire friends!
Oh! never mind them!  OPEN>> Take care of yourself , and your friends will like you the better!
Yorkshire friends! Oh! I know those fellows, & depend on it they can do without you much better than we can!
Pray do join our Party! In short we can't get on without you.
Just what I wished! now I am even with W—ll—gt—n!
A—g—s—y you're in luck! but I'd have you—for that—take care of your popularity!— Hang it! It was the very one which I wished to have got
President of the Council
This will be new to me I'm sure I shan't feel at Home
First Lord of the Admiralty
Who ever thought of seeing me First Lord of the Admiralty?!
Tom Thumb
Droll
Doctors & Ministers of dis grace defend me!
dis
Do not be alarm'd my dear lady! the Buggabo's *BRACKETED* are avowedly directed to Colonial service, - they can have nothing to do Here - my Lady! - nothing to do with Us! - do take a Sniff or two, to raise your Spirits, and try to stand, if it is only upon One Leg!
Yes my Lady, you must try to Stand up, or we shall never be able to  OPEN>> March to Paris
Dramatic-Loyalty
Abuse
Bouncing
Puffing
Detraction
Stolen Jests
Malevolence
Stale Wit
Envy
Ways and Means to get a Living
Let 'em come! - dam'me!!! - where are the French Buggabo's? - single handed I'd beat forty of 'em!!! dam'me, I'd pay 'em like Renter Shares, sconce off their half Crowns!!! - mulct them out of their Benefits, & come ye Drury Lane Slang over 'em!
Dear me - what can be the reason of the Old Lady being awak'd in such a Fright? - I declare I can't see any thing of the Buggabo's!
Treaty of Peace.
Mineral Teeth Monsier De Charmant from Paris engages to affix from one tooth to a whole set without pain. Mouns D can also affix an artificial Palate or a glass Eye in a manner peculiar to himself. he also distills.
"Th
For Envy magnifies what e'er She shows. Ovid
See the Vicar waits to Join Plymouth to Archer all Divine
Let us now to Church repair Hymens bonds I had rather bear Than a Mothers surly care
You may go if you will For I shall have my fill Of Mirth & of Pleasure Without End or Measure So take your own way
Love at First Sight. An Interesting Situation
Pleasant Dreams
Morning Visit. Kind Enquiries
The Declaration Say you'll be Mrs P—
Manœuvering
I hate an avaricious disposition—you my Dear Pickle have never spoke to me of Fortune
Ah its very well for those that are well off to think nothing of Money Eh my Dear?
Honorable Love
Wilt thou have &c
Honey Moon
A Day After the Wedding
I have no fortune, Love but a fine Family by my last dear Man.— I was a Milliner, but as I found it very laborious, I thought it best to get Married again.
Masquerade Argyll Street
Morning
Take this Loaf of Brown bread back with you.
Old *BRACKETED* New English Porter
Agent from Fouche
To our estee *BRACKETED* Friends in England
Agent from Madison
from Genoa
From Buonaparte
Agent from Buonaparte
agent from Murat
To our Most Esteemed Friends in England
I do remember such a man as Mr Fox who did send one Adair to Russia on private Business; & yet he did escape, Alack!!  OPEN>> twere bettet if justice were administred!!!!
Explanation of the Brown Bread. On the 26th. of April, a Young Lady of Condition arrived at the Hotel  OPEN>> Bellevue
Bonaparte's
brown loaf
brown loaf
Bonaparte
Minister's
Morning-Post
Statesman and Morning Advertiser
troops
Charged Mr F------with a design to shift the Crown from the Monarch's to his own head. Mr D speech
"One Foot in Leadenhall Street, & the other in the Province of Bengal.
petit-maître
Is it thus my Children should treat me
Parents Should not behave like Tyrants to their Children
Encore mon Amy Encore
Me wish you Stripe her well
Minheer deserves to be Striped for a Fool
Oh what a God is Justice Midas
oh the Tremendous Justice Midas
Who dare oppose wise Justice Midas
I trust, Sir, that in support of this War we are justified - & I am proud to say that having taken the Sense of the Nation it is with us
I agree perfectly with the Honble Gentleman who spoke last - for not only the sense but the Senses of the Nation have been taken & nothing left us but our Madness
O Dear O Dear - if the dear Creature has lost her Notes - what will become of us - my dear friend spare no Cost to make up the deficiency, give her another spoonfull, I have plenty more in the bag - all the true Pizarro-coinage.
Dont be alarmed she takes the Boluses very kindly - and I have every reason to hope a speedy recovery.
Mourn Cherubims and Seraphims Clara's Notes are Stopp'd - Copy of a Letter - Dear Sir, It grieves me to the heart that I am not able to play this evening - my Throat being so closed as not to leave me a single Note in my Voice
I say, old friend, you seem to be in the wrong road—see how we thrive—Master's praying for another benefice and you are fasting without one.
"Humble-minded, sober, hospitable—Not given to wine nor greedy of filthy Lucre
Pitt
India bill
MT
Thurlo
He that walketh with wise men shall be wise; but a Companion of fools shall be destroyed Proverbs - Chap - 13th - Verse 11th
A Swarm of English Bees hiving in the Imperial Carriage!!—Who would have thought it!!! !!! !!!—
Oh! My Frill.
You'r prime bang Up!!
Look at Zaber Gashes.
Box for the Iron *BRACKETED* stead
This Box contain'd upwards of 100 articles of Solid Gold &c.
Look at the Horses Tommy.
Ah! Mon dear Empreu'r dis is de Shocking sights.
This is one of Napoleons Shirts Ladies.
I
Homer
Dont be alarmed Johnny, it will not hurt you - you will scarcely perceive it, When you are a little used to it - it will only keep your tongue from running quite so fast, in future!
Outlines of the Opposition...
Patriotism
Faction
Parliamentary Speeches
Outlines \\ of the \\ Opposition \\ collected \\ from the Designs \\ of the most capital Jacobin Artists
Edinburgh Review
Library of useful Knowledge
Mornings at Bow Street
Resolved That... £1000....
The Lamentations of Jeremiah, being a dialogue between Mungo and his Mistress
Ladies & Gentlemen— I have the honor for the first time in this county of Kent to deliver a Lectur on Optic's
I humbly ax pardon Sir —but before you get on furder, I rises with all due difference to inform you as how in this country we do not call them Hop sticks but Hop poles
Hop Mer...
Oh de Corsican Bougre, was make dese Gun Boats on purpose for our Funeral.
I say Messmate if we dont bear up quickly there will be nothing left for us to do
Rigt *BRACKETED* Tom, & I take them there things at the mast head to be Boney's Crest, a Skull without Brains
do you chuse any More
No More I thank ye
Abstain from Worldly Lusts not given to Feasting & Gluttony.
Is this a fast that I have Chosen.
manufatory
Subscibtion for Family in Distress in Consequence of the War
A List of Subscribtion *BRACKETED* for Emigrant Clergy
10,000
For the sake of Injured Millions, I and my worthy Friends and Colleagues demand these Wretches as Victims to Publick Justice
Sr Elijah's Impeachment
And - for the sake of Consigned Millions, I - with the assistance of my old Friend and Colleague here am resolved to protect these worthy Gentlemen
A Catalogue Raisonné of the Select Collection of Engravers of an Amateur
Porter
John Bull
Bless me what comes here - its time to put on my large spectacles, and tuck up my trowsers. Why surely it cant be - it is Bonny too for all that why what game be'st thee at now? - acting a play mayhap what hast thee got on thy head there? - always at some new freak or other.
What my Old Friend Mr Bull - dont you know me.
& Pubd
Come along Jeky come my little Jeky I'll give you a Dinner never mind M - he's a Turn Coat
no. no. you dont catch me at Jesuits Colledge again
Berkeley Square
CF
he Capers like a Morris Dancer
It is very hard young and inexperienc'd as I am, to lay the whole weight on my shoulders, I am sure I shall sink under it.
Ways and Means
What is the young Man, grumbling about - have you not all the Wisdom - all the talents *BRACKETED* - all the riches, all the Virtue, in fact all the Broad Bottoms *BRACKETED* to assist you - bye the bye it does feel rather heavy, and does not agree with my watery complaint *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Grenville has taken off his coat, which lies on the ground; he looks up at blasts, inscribed  OPEN>> Opposition Winds
Confound those Opposition wind *BRACKETED* I am afraid they will upset our broad bottom'd fabric.
Opposition Winds
St James's
the Faro Bank
Bond 200 . . half Pay . . Faro
Hond Sir please to pay Lady Bilkem one Thousand Pound for your Dutiful Son Dupe
ST Giles's
And is by all agreed the very best of physic
Mermaid
G. P. W
P R
to whom this Plate is dedicated, *BRACKETED* by his Admiring Friend the Publisher—"die hard,—die nobly —die—like demi Gods!!!  OPEN>> It is supposed, if the Dog Johnny were permitted he would soon destroy the whole Breed.
Reform
I. Bull
Keep back Johnny,—Keep back—, leave 'em to me, I'll clear them out, I warrant ye!—
Go it, that's your Sort *BRACKETED* , all my Friends and Servants, shall help you
To Windsor & Reform
Boroughb
Touch me if you dare—Murder, fire, Thieves!!
Reigate
Gatton
Wareham
Midhurst
Callington
Appleby
Newport
Old Sarum
Minehead
Aldborough
I Conjure you by that which you profess Answer me! though you untie the winds & let Them fight against the Chuches *BRACKETED* Answer me What I Ask you!!!
Demand
we'll Answer
Come high or Low thyself and office deafly Show
Sublime & Beautiful
Laugh to Scorn the Power of Man
Be Lion mettled proud and thak *BRACKETED* no Care— who Chafes who frets or where Conspirers are
be Bloody hold & Resolute
chapeau-bras
Propositions
I can-stand no longer
30,000 £
Alas poor Flood, I see you're down, so I'll e'en take my self off, with what I've got
Polito
Sanders
Guny
Petticoat Influence
By the Mystery of my Art, no more be a Foot-boy—but rise a Captain
Bless me how soon a foot-boy is turned to a Gentleman
The Life of John Wilkes Esq.; in the Manner of Plutarch
Wat Tyler
Aldn Beckford
John Cade Esqr
John Wilkes Esqr
These are thy Gods O Britain
Oxford Magazine
Clyde
8796
Napoleon
N
"Altho their Dress is not gaudy it is warm & that is the principle thing!,, Vide, the Hamburg Correspondenten for 1812—N° 180—14th March—
Gazette du Dep. des Bouches de l'Elbe, 1812. N. 180.
Roy
Napoleone Ist
French Brandy
Henry IV. Sc. I *BRACKETED* Pr of W -l know you all, & shall . . . while.
Mr *BRACKETED* Fitzpatrick
Tommy Tattle
Ich Dien
Coalition Masquerade
Arraignments for the new Broad-Bottom'd Administration *BRACKETED* , Citn Volpone *BRACKETED* . . . Lord Pogy *BRACKETED* . . . Madame Volpone .. . Cit . . . Ego *BRACKETED* , Lord High *BRACKETED* , Greyhound *BRACKETED* , H . . . Tooke . . ., Tierney
The Devonshire Delight or the new Coalition Reel
Nelson
Scheme for improving of the Old English Breed \\ French Rams.
Whitbreads
Port
in the Press - Coalition, a bran new Pantomime
The Morning Chronicle
Verses upon the Death of ye Doctor *BRACKETED* by Bawb a dara
Camphor
Strolling Players in a Barn
Over the Water with Charley *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , and ogles the tall Lord Cholmondely, who looks down at her with complacent contempt. Advancing through the archway are the stiff and clumsy Salisbury holding a broken wand of office, with his wife, wearing a plumed helmet *BRACKETED* and the dishevelled hair and high collar and stock of BMSat 9908. In the background near the wall is an isolated group in close and serious conversation: Tierney *BRACKETED* and Burdett *BRACKETED* facing each other, with Horne Tooke full face between them. All were individualists, outside Whig circles. The room is palatial. The centre decoration of the wall is an elaborately carved candelabra on a bracket: Napoleon, crowned, naked, and grotesquely emaciated, supports on his shoulders a terrestrial globe, straddling across his large inverted Republican cocked hat *BRACKETED* . He looks intently down at Fox. On the left. and in shadow is an oval bust portrait of George III,  OPEN>> Pater Patriae
Worshipers of the Rising Sun
Respectfully Dedicated to the admirers of a  OPEN>> Broad-Bottom'd-Administration
3, 5, 8
the Old school
Honesty is the best policy! We want no private Consultation or inventions, let us be Judged of according to our works!
Professional flies & other useless insects entangled by attacking the Webb of Justice & Industry.
Hints from C. Sharp to be natural & a flat for the rest of your life
Dry study—or the Old System of Keeping pupils in the Dark
Glorious Apollo a Glee for three Voices to be sung by Mes . . . L . . .
big-wigs
cit
Bravo! Bravo! Bravo! I always thought we were fleeced by those Musical Scamps.
Bravo
Can't we invent some Caricature or Satirical work to turn the thing into ridicule? John Bull is but a simple fellow & if you can only make him laugh you get the weak side of him.
Aye! Aye! but where is the man of genius among us? *BRACKETED* : look what productions have already been published; neither wit nor common sense: nor even grammar or spelling! they have done the cause more harm than good: & one fool so proud of his Barbarisms has put several portraits of himself *BRACKETED* in divers attitudes.
Our only chance is now to keep all the Amateurs as much in the dark as we have very wisely done before; by uniting firmly to persuade them that this new discovery is all a take in; for they know so little that they cannot—dare not,—form their opinions without consulting us.
Yes! yes! all this may be very well, but when John Bull finds he has been imposed upon he does'nt want for pluck; & we must allow we have hitherto made a pretty good tool of him.
I dont know what my friend Mr Keepscholar means by his vulgar epithat *BRACKETED* of  OPEN>> Tool
Bravo! Bravo! Doctor you were always a staunch friend to the drain-pocket system; & tho' yr talent in Music is very inferior as a man to what it was when a boy yet you have displayed new genius in a much more useful way by advocating *BRACKETED* the tedious System, so well calculated to support our families: Let us unite one & all & we must Blow him For D—me if any man can resist a mob!
Now after all that has pass'd not one word has been or can be, said to the purpose! we have pretty well pigeon'd John Bull & at last he has hired two d—d Germans to detect us: we will of course boldly plead  OPEN>> Not Guilty
Well! Well! But, every attempt against such a serious invasion on our rights & secrets is truly laudable.
We must trust to the Big Wigs to lie thro thick & thin for us under-strappers & if they fail—why D—me we must earn our bread honestly as this man does, who has exposed all our Tricks.
New Light
3, 5, 8
Gold or the Root
Gilt *BRACKETED* on the leaves
Union
The woman at the Green Rails in Store Street gives me no hopes of a coronet, I wish to know your opinion, venerable Sage.
Aspects of the Planets
Astrol *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; papers inscribed:  OPEN>> Table of the Orbs, and Planets
the Twelve signs of the Zodiac
Prediction of future Events
£100000
Am not I thy Pitt=ifull Ass; upon which thou hast ridden ever since I was thine
And they came unto Balaam and said unto him, thus saith Balak the Templeite, let nothing, I pray thee, hinder thee from coming unto me, for I will promote thee unto very great honour, and I will do whatsoever thou sayest unto me: come therefore I pray thee, curse me this People. Balaam rose up in the Morning and saddled his Ass, and went with the Lords of the Bed-Chamber, now the Man of the People stood in the way for an adversary against him, and when the Ass saw the Man of the People, he fell down under Balaam and Balaam's anger was kindled; and he smote the Ass with the Mace
Betty
Very Slippy-Weather
A Ballad by W. J. Donne
Tis expected every
will do his duty
Prospectus
Sermons by Bishop Blaze Waste Paper
smart room
Lombardie
Etat de Venise
Les absens ont tort...
Saxe
Mayence
Prenons bien les choses...
Pologne
Duché de Curlande
Lithuanie
Je crains le Revenant!...
Le prix du sang!! . . .
le revenant
France
Paris
Pays Bas
Gare à qui y touchera! . . .
Qui compte sans son Hôte compte deux fois. . . .
Papa garde ma part. . . .
Naples
A lover of Liberty and a Firm Friend to the Rights of the People
Peter Pickle Esq
Once Clerk to Counsellor Puzzlewig—now heir at law to his Uncle Cramp & worth four hundred a year
Cutting
Old relations but new friends
Peter me dear fellow; Cousin—; Nephew—
Ah dear friends no doubt, but I like Old friends good bye to ye
Capering
Grown Up Gentlemen Taught To Dance By Monr Maggot
Drinking
Some say Topers should never get mellow
The Hired Prad
The Fashionable Acquaintance
Billiards
*BRACKETED* ards
Gaming
It is well Baron that I have such confi¬dence in your Honor, or my friend Pickle should not play after such ill luck
Bed Time
as usual
Much past,  OPEN>> The very witching time of night
Physicking
Buchan
Oh! this racketing will never do for me, I'll turn Hermit, I'll be off into the Country, Oh! this head ache! Oh! this pain! Oh, that d—d Doctor
Demosthenes
Themistocles
Judas Iscariot
I am the Kings Friend It's I that Builds his Ships, Mans his Navy, Recruits his Army & I am Grand Pay Master
I will support my friends I have head enough for them all
20 millions more
30 Millions more
40 Millions more
Oh Woe is me poor fellow thou canst not help me
I have you & will keep you fast
my heart will Burst through my skin for Joy we Carry every thing our own way, the other two say: & mine; and mine too
empty; empty, &c
there my Friends take all the Produce for you Richly Deserve it
heres nothing in it! what all Empty
we are all undone.
I should be sorry he had no Better *BRACKETED* . It is you that Strips the Country of our finest Youths and Robs the Parents of their Children the Maidens of their Sweet hearts & Drain the land of its wealth for a Shadow
we are all undone what must we do
Oh, oh, oh.
Salt
Tobacco
Porter
Wine
120,000 guineas for America
a luscious Bit
its Mine
Provisions for our Friends
Cider, Sugar, Rum, Brandy
Stock Exchange 3 pr Cent Reduced..... Nil 3 D° Consol....... 58 3 & 1/2........ Shut. 4 pr Cent Consol..... 57 4 p
Ah Cruil Neighbours thus to assist Rebellious Children
O Madame 'tis de fine Politique
My Good & Great Ally Strike Home
Now Brother of Portugal join the Confedaracy and Agrandize our Family
What's Treaties to Gelt
A Memorial presented by Sr J. Yorke to their High Mightenesses
De Jonge Johana Petronella Cornelius Dirk Vander Meulen for Eus-tatia
My Mistress is determin'd to Chastise Yr Hogen Mogen for yr Ingratitude & Duplicity & Oblidge You to Assist that Power that first Assisted You
Ich dien
no Admittance Sir We are all loyal
Drury Lane The Second Part of King Henry the IV .... The Manager in Distress
Tax on Carriages and Horses kept for Pleasure
Hollo! you young Gentleman; I'll trouble You to stop a little, You h'ant paid the New Assessment on Carriages & Horses kept tor Pleasure.
Why mine b'ent a live Coach & Horses, They d'ont eat Oats and Hay.
That's the very Reason why you can better afford to pay Taxes, So out with your Pence! - Besides You must come down for your Armorial Bearings
Ten Per Cent on John Bulls Property
You cannot blame us Master Bull, we did not make it, or steal it - It lay in our way - and we found it.
These Posts my dears are temporal I have Posts below which you Shall have Eternal
Treasury
Admiralty
Treasury
Let me handle the stivers
Admiralty
Tis a Damnable Peace!
So we'll tell the Game
Secretary
Northern Department
I'll join hands with you in Damning the Peace
by God 'tis Froth
P. Minister Pst
It is not worth a groat
Post
This Peace sticks in my Throat
I have sickend them all.
Preliminary Articles for restoring Tranquillity between the Powers at War. that they may all take a little Breath & then------at it again Pell-Mell.
But a short time ago, the Great Folks of the Nation The Doctors declar'd, was in a Purgation The case now is alter'd - such Shiting must cease Since now all the great ones are spewing on Peace In War or in Peace then you find out that Brittain Must some how or other be Pukeing or Shitting
Scourge
Come one more bumper to the Allies!—
I'll drink another bottle to the Allies—Huzza!! Love and Wine for ever!!
Bravo my Boy— we have provided you an Allie for the night my Buck I hope you will agree together.
What Margery!—did you want to hear the news from the Doctors lips.
P P
Why Jenny you must not kick in this manner, when you have got your Bedfelow with you.
Come lets drink a Bon Repos to them.
Bon Repos to Ourselves for there will be a rare duet of snoring & Braying.
Oh dear! Oh dear!—I shall die with laughing what will the Parson say when he finds what a strange bedfellow he has got—
*BRACKETED* avis D D
Sermon on the Sin of Drunkenness
Commentarie *BRACKETED* on the Golden Ass
Thirty-nine Articles
Sermons
Au Bon Droit
There is not such dignified Beef in the Market - believe me Right Honorable every Inch of it; Coronets marked in the fat and Genealogy in the lean - had it pon Honor - from my Lord cram Bullock, - delicious! - you may smell the Oil Cake a mile - no vulgar ingredients - only half a Crown per pound - a mere trifle - I have indeed some low bred beef at Sixpence but I am sure Sir it would not suit your refined Taste.
Why look ye - Master Suet as I am not over ambitious, if you please - I'll have a slice of the Citizen.
Husband dont be so Wulgar I say send home a Sir Loin of true Nobility
Begging we will go
He saw the fall of Kingcraft, He saw the grand Monarque; He saw him of his glitter stript, And moping in the dark. Now Don awoke, and ranted; The dream had turn'd his brain: He swore he'd set the Thames on fire, And carry George to Spain. O France! to Spanish worth lend Thy philosophic eye, Nor in a frantic despot's cause Permit the brave to die.
The Military Adventures of / Johnny Newcome, / with an Account of his / Campaigns in the Peninsular and in / Pall Mall: with / Sketches by Rowlandson; and Notes. /...By an Officer *BRACKETED* . / London: / Printed for Patrick Martin, 198, Oxford-Street, / . . . / 1815
Insaitable *BRACKETED* Ambition
You Bombastic Scoundrel, Robber Murdered *BRACKETED* Violator Incendiary &c &c & - You thought of reigning with your Iron Crown *BRACKETED* the North as well as the South, But know Tyrant that the Sons of the North are to be Your Supereior *BRACKETED* .
Stop Stop, good Benningsen dont Kill a poor fellow, An Armistice An Armistice!!! I have very good Proposals of Peace for You.
Oppression
Bravo Bravo brave Russians One home stroke more & good Bye to Master Boney!
Defeat of the French
Sung by Mr Mathews, at the Theatre Royal Drury Lane; in the Grand Operatical Romance  OPEN>> The Forty Thieves
for ever
"Twou'd break my heart, to lose my awl, To lose my wife's a trifle
This is far superior to the Walcheren Expedition, we shall get some Credit by this. Conquer all before us!!!
I wish I had never begun this business, dont leave me, stand by me pray do?
Little work & well paid to the Tower away
March to the Bank
Truth
Mercy
Justice
Reform Bill passed June 7th 1832
Natural Rights
Reform
Altar of Patriotism
Camelford
Ilchester
Win
represent the great military legal and clerical array which so long obstructed Reform
their idol  OPEN>> prescription
The Talents / Mene Mene Tekel Upharsin
Bogey
Tier *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Whitbread is represented by a tankard marked  OPEN>> XX
Sherr *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . A naked infant on a chair may ridicule Lord Derby *BRACKETED* ;  OPEN>> How...
they
5 per Cent
Town Talk
Planted at the Hague AD 1813
Dieu *BRACKETED* Droit
G.R.
Aye you may bump away Mr Mynheer—but I'll be d—d if I give up the care of my Favorite Rose that I have water'd from the purest Stream for this Cetnury *BRACKETED* past.
By Jasus, Mr Bull! and what's all this Blarney about, By St Patrick if the Rose of old England baint tumbled from its sait and and *BRACKETED* the Old Gardener turnd out of plaice! Off with you dyke trotters or I'll rattle my Shillaleah about your sconces.
Hauld your hands there ye loons I will naer sae our Native Flower displaced for any Foreign Plant! I weel protect the auld partner of the Thistle.
List of Places
Nay Mynheer dare is nil room!
We are descendants of the famous Broad Bottom Administrain *BRACKETED* , we *BRACKETED* shall be happy to fill any Situation for the service of the Orange Tree. Mynheer.
Dat is good change. Fine smell fine taste for nothing but smell.
Netherlands Tax Book
Yaw Yaw Mynheer! dat is very good change for us. I put some money in de purse now.
Dese Oranges from de grote tree, will keep up de stock.
Herrings
Cheese *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , another carrying a large cask of  OPEN>> Hollands
New Milk
Butter
My Wife is waiting for you in the next room
Thoughts on Despotism
A Map of Jersey
Joe the Dustman
The History of Kings
Marriage a La Mode
The Tender Husband a Farce
Marriage has no restraints on me! no Legal tie can bind the will - tis free & shall be so ------  OPEN>>  The Princess says:  OPEN>> Obey, Alass the Task's Seviere how can the Female Mind with pleasure yield when every look's a Frown!!! Alass poor Babe!!!
The Constant Couple
The little Wants, dislikes, preferences, antipathies, fancies, whims, & even impertinence of Women must be officiously attended to, flattered & if possible guesed at, and anticipated by a well bred Man
Despair
The Great Agitator
Honest Jack
The Hero of Ballybay
The Little Agitator
The Hero of Penenden
The Ladder by which the noble Lads ascend.
Conceit
Lying
Swearing
Pretention
Assurance
Harangue
Flattery
Bribery
Interest
Money
Ambition
Title
I hope there will be no Searching pockets when we come down
They may call us what they please so they call us not -To Account
I will serve my self, my friends, and my Country
This is the best Yard-arm that I ever crost
I shall follow the old Precident - fill my Coffers
Apple stealing began at old Adam, and will only die with old Time
A few will never be missed
Now, all you that stare And grumble, and swear, And wish that all Thieves had their whippings; Come, don't be so mad, Because a poor Lad, Will pocket a few Golden Pippins. No longer I blame, Or wish to reclaim The Statesman, because that he grapples; For coul'd I ascend, My self, and my Friend, I'd serve, with the sweet, golden Apples
N° 2 .... N° .... \\
I Promise to pay to Messr Flesh Flour, Malt & C° \\ or Bearer, Two Pence, when Roasting-beef shall be sold at \\ four pence per pound, Porter at three pence per pot, and the \\ Quartern Loaf at Sixpence. \\ London, the 25th day of December, *BRACKETED* . \\ For Self, Grub, Snout and Starveling, \\ Gristle Barebones. \\ Pence Two Entd Spoonmeat Little-flesh.
w
The Staff of Life
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
The Effect of Imagination!!
To have or not to have—our liberty!
Reform
French Habits. N° 11
L'Etat de les Finances . . . République
a common black coat; on the left side a small key embroidered in gold
third party
Hitherto nobody has been designated for any particular office but Sir Wm. Pulteney.
Ode to Lord Moira
Old Pulteney too, your influence feels, And asks from you th
XX
Tax
Tax
Tax
Tax
Soap Tax
House Tax
Salt Tax
Window Tax
Malt Tax
Leather Tax
Tax
"The potion Turns his brain and stupefies his mind.
Barclay & Perkins
Dismiss! I order every one of you! go home and desire your Parents to teach you I have a right to be heard I say go Home -  OPEN>>  Two schoolmasters stand at the farther end of the long desk and on the extreme right; one says:  OPEN>> Sir! some of them have no Parents
Tune—"The Love-sick Frog
God Save Great George our P-
A Prince he would a raking go.
behav'd very gross
Gazette
June Ist 1795
Black Dick's Dog
Done from an Original Drawing by a British Officer - & publish'd as a Guide to Preferment
Say am I doomd to see Pic-Nic succeed, and my Paragraphs prove vain?
The Times The second Representation of the Pic Nic went off with great eclat
Hang . . . the Spy
Morning Post
True Briton
Courier
Morning Herald
Baron of Tol Tit Totum
Moab my wash pot is, my Shoe, o'er Edom I will throw
Why Adml, D------n their Eyes they'l escape if we don't make haste
Your shoe won't do for the French Fleet I think we had better throw some shells Your Honor
oh the wicked Dog he has put us quite out, he is insensible of the beauties of Divine Poetry
Sternhold & Hopkins
for the Admiralty
Plan of *BRACKETED* Roads
Log Book
Congreve *BRACKETED* cketts
Map of the Holyland
Jerusalem
*BRACKETED* orning Post
Here Mr Bull here's the Speech of that fellow on the Corn Bill - You must stop and hear this - The Price of Corn is yet Far Below the Price which is universally allowed to be Necessary!!!! why we shall all be starved Mr Bull.
D------n the Corn Bill! I have not time to think of any thing till the Election is over. - why Liberty and Independence is at stak *BRACKETED* - What is Starving to that Mrs Bull!
Exit Python Republicanus
Magna Charta
Sun of the Constitution
Bible
Brunswick Succession
Ge III
G IV
And future Kings, and Monarchs yet unborn
Sun of the Constitution
Honorable Peace, or Everlasting War
Republic
The Whig Club
Plan for inflaming the Dissenters in Scotland
A scheme for raising the Catholicks in Ireland
Jacobin Prophecies for breeding Sedition in England
Irruption of the Goths and Vandals. 2d Edition
Patriotick Propositions. Peace, Peace on any Terms. Fraternisation Unconditional Submission No Law, no King, No God.
hieroglyphic portrait
Lacet pour Pichegrue
Moreau
Pichegrue
Chapeau chargé de Couronnes
Evacuation de l'Egypte
Malte
Portugale
Espagne
Bateaux plats
Russie
Pologne
Prusse
Saxe
Westphalie
Hollande
Duc d'Enghin
Commission Militaires et Tribunaux recevant les Ordres
13 Vendémiaire
Journée de St Cloud
Guerre éternelle à l'Angleterre
Désolation de l'Allemagne
Inquiétude en Italie
Trahison sur la Famille d'Espagne
Détronisation du Roi des Asturies
Violation des Etats Romains
Fabrique de Sire
la Folie
Objets d'Arts Pillés chez les différentes Nations
Magasin de denrées
Coloniales
Sucre de Beterave
Billets de / Banque. / Ventes des biens / Communaux / Cautionnement / Arrierés
Chute du Trône de France et d'Italie
Conscription *BRACKETED* et Levée en Masse
Eguillonant son système de destruction
Décrets Violés depuis la Journée de St Cloud Jusque au Jour de sa déchéance
Comete
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
161 -  OPEN>> , is above the window. Sketched at Torrington, a place  OPEN>> supremely dull
Oh dear what can the Matter be Lauk a daisy what can the Matter be Dear Dear what can the Matter be Mistress pray how came you there
Oh I wish that I had never got in that twirl about— I wish that I had never made such a Stirabout— And if you will lend but a hand for to help me out Ne'er again will I go to the Fair
No No Mistress you have had sport enough—Now Is'e make sport of thee He He He—
Ha Ha Ha
See See She is tumbled out at last
I thought what it wou'd end in
Ha Ha off she goes
Drive round quick I like it very much
Now this Gig has got into the Round about She will never let it Stop
Best Booth in the Fair
Drury Lane Comp *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  with Sheridan as Harlequin *BRACKETED* , wearing a sword inscribed  OPEN>> Shery
walk up here walk up all the Wonders of the World to be seen here
When the Phoenix is tired of Life, he builds a Nest upon the Mountains, and setting / it on Fire by the wafting of his own Wings - he perishes Himself in the Flames! - / - and from the Smoke of his Ashes arises a new Phoenix to illuminate the World!!! - Vide. The New Spanish Encyclopaedia. Edit. 1808.
Pyrenean Mountains
Corsica
Portugal
Spain
France
Sicily
Germany
Italy
Turkey
Africa
Morocco
Algiers
Peace on Earth
400 Pr Ann
tragedy queens
Nation's Plunder
They are going to prosecute we for the American War, Charles take me under your protection and I wf promise to be Gratefull
I would Protect you But your promise I cannot rely upon! How many poor people have you ruined by promiseing what you never intended to perform. Witness the Author of this, Blush, Honor, Blush
This is my Fav'rite! one that has dureing his whole Ministry Obey'd and made others Obey my Laws & Rules. He shall be my Prime Minister.
Twins
Hau'd your grip—man—I'll carry you oe'r the Forde!
I'll be Down as sure as a Gun!
Defence of the Queen
When you eat your Dinner yesterday, did you open your mouth or keep it shut.
Non Mi Ricordo!
Well Signior Non mi Ricordo In your own country now! did they consider you more Rogue than Honest Man.
Non mi Ricordo!
Bible
Eustatia lost, Oh! Oh!
I shall Die, I'm undone! My best hope is now gone!
Gin
High & Mighty's *BRACKETED* your Grief, Smell this for Relief.
Gaze
If this News is true, It will make us all rue.
St Eustatia by Gar, Vas de Storehouse of War.
America now, To Old England must bow
Ex-Officio
Bill of Indemnity
Bank Restriction
Au Boeuf à la mode
Directoire, Consulat et Empire
Liturgy
Protestant Religion
Into your powerfull hands I entrust my Diadem, to extinguish the brightness of that delusive Bauble of Heresy which has so long flourished; that light once out, our true Catholic faith shall again govern your Country, and even yourselves by perseverance in the good work may hope to become Cardinals.
With all humility I conform to the will of your Holiness, which shall be executed with all my power, being as firmly convinced that your Holiness is the greatest potentate and the Catholic the purest Religion on Earth, as that the Articles of War *BRACKETED* are the best System of Government, In token whereof I reverently salute the Holy Toe.
I humbly but heartily concur in all the sentiments of my great Leader whose measures and Religion I will follow and support, also those of his successors as long as I live and am Secretary.
Candi *BRACKETED* d Orange Peel
Coronation Oath
Il Car, 2
m & Mary
Jaco ..
Conditions on which his Holiness allow's the British Catholics to accept Emancipation.
be removed from Dublin. Art 156—That any person crying No Popery be declared guilty of High Treason. Art 157—That steeples and bells be provided at the expense of Government to all the Catholic Chapels in the Kingdom—Art 158 That a spot of ground be allotted in Smithfield to celebrate an annual Auto da fe—Art 159 That the Cathedral of St Pauls be lent to us for all solemn occasions. Art—160—That a College in each University be given the Jesuits—Art 161—That the Inscription on the Monument be obliterated forthwith.
London burned by the Papists 1666
Guy Fawkes
Lives of Roman Catholic Saints and Martyrs
Papal Bull
N° 18......'Text:  OPEN>> I Promise to pay to Tom Leather-brigs, alias Noodle, alias Doodle, and / Bob Sarum, alias Bounce, alias Welch Bob, or Bearer, Two Pence, when Magna- / Charta shall have become a Dead Letter, when the Trial by Jury shall have been / abolished, and when Sir Francis Burdett shall have ceased to be A Patriot and / an Honest Man / Westminster, the 9th; April, 18 *BRACKETED* . For Right Justice & Self, / Alfred Trueblood. / Pence TWO / Entd Frank Freeborn
Although mutilated, still in existence
Magna Charta
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
a Conceited Fellow, and a Drunken Fellow, of different colleges
The Chronologist N° 10
Tax Book
Tax Depot
Well John Bull as bled famously it was a cunning Clause to make him pay up his Tax's on the 24th of July!!!—I now can take my dinner and grog comfortably
Roberspierre en Poissard
How can'st thou do this deed? could not the Laws of Man of Nature, nor of Heaven, dissuade thee ? No beast so fierce, but knows some touch of Pity.
Shall future eyes, when this tale is told Drop tears in pity for his hapless fate, And read with detestation the misdeeds of Orleans; The red nosed tyrant, cruel, barbarous, And bloody - will they not say too, That to possess the Crown, nor laws divine, Nor human stopt my way? - Why let 'em say it; They cant but say I strove to obtain the Crown; I was not fool as well as villain Now, for the deed Cousin farewel, To me there's music in your passing bell. Richard 3d
Thrice is he arm'd that has his quarrel just And he but naked, though lock'd up in steel, Whose conscience with injustice is corrupted, The very weight of Orleans guilt shall crush him.
As Lucifer proud with as ugly a face, Billy Prig, kicks the pail with a puppyish grace, Sweet Sir, replies Betty, I thank you for that, And return you the favour - There's Tit for your Tat.
Drolls
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
The Old Maiden head Inn
Reform—Reform . . .
Aristocratic Influence
Now my Boys I have given you an oppertunity of making—A long Pull,—a Strong Pull—, and a Pull altogether! and like the baseless fabric of a Vision leave not a Wreck behind
People, King, and Ministers
Our hopes are all blasted now this cursed Dissolution, Oh—Oh—Oh—Oh—and be for ever fallen!!!
Boroughbridge
Dartmouth
Hanwith
Bury
Newport
Cambridge Town
Wigan Bath
Sarum
Lanark
Wigton
Armagh
Carlow
Sligo
Callington
Gatten
Now my fine fellow carry her safe and sound into Reform Harbour
H.M.S. Britannia
Aye Aye your honor
There is some mutinous dogs that I shall be obliged to give a round dozen to before we get into port
Reform Harbour
Rocks, Shoals
Sands
I have often said we must put in here and have a thorough refit
All Hands a hoy Reform's the word
Aye, Aye you all crack your jokes on the purser, but I'd give every man double allowance if I knew how
Curse Reform, I'll never enter it I'd be run up to the Yard arm first
they're a set of Lubbers
It's strange sailing indeed
Dont your reverence think these poor men are quite right
Aye Doctor these new latitudes are no good for any of us
Brandy
Madras Calcutta
Liver
Reading Sauce
India pickle
Yello. Red. blue, brown Orange Purple
D
You will find me a most refractory disobedient and rebellious scholar
Give it him Charley
The first or absentee is remarkable for a proboscis or agent with which he draws the heart's blood at an immense distance. The second or Law Priest is an importation from a neighbouring Country
Oppression Brought Famine And Famine Pestilence
How dare you sneeze as I walk by
How dare you walk by as I sneeze
Brother Brother we are both in the wrong
I am sure I wish it was in my power to make you perpetual gold stick
And I am sure I shall always for the future drink your health with the greatest pleasure
A Radical Reformer
A Whole Bill Reformer
Hunt
I say if we want a real Reform we must sweep off King, Lords, Commons, Church, Clergy, Laws & Lawyers in short every thing, and begin afresh
Nonsense, Nonsense, what does the Times say? the bill, the whole bill and nothing but the bill
A bit by bit Reformer
Realy *BRACKETED* I think If we could have something of a reform that should leave untouch'd the Church, Revenues the influence of the Aristocracy and the Boro representation it would be well but slow and sure
An Anti Reformer
I have no patience with this fuss about Reform what do we respectable people want a change for and as for the rag tag & bob tail keep 'em down I say
last
board-men
Corinthian Tom
Director of the Public Taste
Bewck Pupil. . B. Hay *BRACKETED* .
Christmas Pupil R. B. H.
A Painter who relies on his compass, leans on a prop which will not support him: Vide, Sir Joshua Reynolds
Here he is Exalted my Lads 24 Hours after Landing.
Why Harkee, d'ye zee, I never liked Soldiering afore, but some how or other when I though *BRACKETED* of our Sal the bearns, the poor pigs, the Cows and the Geese, why I could have killed the whole Army my own Self.
Dang my Buttons if that beant the Head of that Rogue Boney - I told our Squire this Morning, what do you think say's I the Lads of our Village can't cut up a Regiment of them French Mounsheers, and as soon as the Lasses had given us a Kiss for good luck I could have sworn we should do it and so we have.
Hearts of Oak
Britons never will be Slaves
We'll fight and We'll Conquer again and again
why this is poor finding I have emtied the pocketts of a score and only found one head of garlic 9 onions & a parcel of pill Boxes.
Pl. XVIII
The Rage
Box Book
Iohn Bull
Map of the Kingdom of Poland
Brit. . .
The Ballance of Power
Great Britain
'The Stone Eater
Wonderful!
The sublime wonder of the World!!! Condescends to inform the Public . . . . that he has now opened his Grand Hall of Exhibitions at Westminster, with a grand display of his astonishing and magnificent Deceptions . . . First - The Signor will bring forward a Magical Alarm Bell, at the ringing of which the Company shall become Mad or Foolish. Secondly - He will produce his justly celebrated curious spy glasses which distort and misrepresent . . . and occasion ... a sudden and social dismay; such as has never before been witnessed in this Country. . . . Fifthly - He will make some Marvellous Experiments upon his own Memory, By forgetting the most Material Incidents of his own Life. . . . Sixthly - By his Oratorical Efforts, he will in the Course of a few Minutes persuade the greater Part of his Audience . . . to give him three cheers and nominate him the Heaven-born Conjuror, . . . The whole to conclude with a Dramatic Piece in one Act, called The Humbug; or John Bull a Jack Ass . . . Signor Pittachio will close his Wonderful Performances by exhibiting his own Person on The Tight Rope. For the Benefit of the Swinish Multitude. Vivant Rex et Regina.
R------ts *BRACKETED* Clyster
Not searching from Precedents but Consequences
To Ordure - Ordure
Exegi Monumentum cere perennias, or the finishing Stroke
Magna Charta Non Posteris sed Posterioribus
Patriotic Bum
Vox Populi
Resolutions of P------l------t.
Principal Promoter of loose Principles
Congreve Plays School for Scandal
Wat Tyler
Jack Kade
The Laws of Pharaoh
Political Prints
Life of Oliver Cromwell
Cataline
Memoirs of Sam House
French C . . k . . g Chair
French Cambrick
Requiescat in Pace
o, By - my Baby, my Baby, - o, By - in Peace! my dearee! - For such a sweet Nap as This, You never had, far nor nearee! - so. By - my Baby, my dearee!
French Pap
Composing Draught
Opiate Pills
Buonaparte
Veneris Die Ap . . .
This is the Thing, which the Speaker had Signd To doubt it Illegal, ne'er enter'd his Mind, For the Serjeant he sent & gave him this Thing, With Orders directly Sir Francis to bring.
Warrant
This is the Serjeant who came so polite Who was sent with the Thing, to serve on the Knight Who was told that his visit should act as a Warning And promised to see him at twelve the next morning.
Warrant
Burdet . . . Letter to his Constit . . .
This is the Patriot so firm and so Bold, Who maintain'd that our Rights are not to be Sold Convinced that the Thing, could not have the Power Of forcing a Man from his house to the Tower.
Warrant
Burn Justice
This is the Justice for Wisdom renown'd, Whose opinion was sought on the Thing so Profound But his Worship declared after puzzling his pate That his head was too Shallow for matter of State
Die Veneris
This is the Counsel of all the Wise men, The Thing they look'd over, and over again, But the learned Attorney and Chancellor swore They never had seen such a strange Thing before
thief-taker
Warrant
These are the Thieftakers who were sent with the Thing Which was signed by the Speaker, but not by the King To force ope the Door Barocadad so Strong Determined, they care'd not, if right, or if Wrong
Magna Charta
This is the Cavalcade, mighty in power, Six thousand strong men to take one to the Tower. By Opresions hard hand, from his Family tore An Englishmans house, is his Castle no more!!!
Independance
Truth
Burdett
Freedom Burdett
Liberty
Whore of Babylon
Ignatius! Ignatius! what have I done! The lion is awake, my dismay is very great! Oh, we have now no more hope that the good Pope will restore our Order
It is best that I make off and rouse the Lion no further, otherwise things might go badly.
Is that the reward of friendship, an alliance concluded to our hurt, and to leave us, who are your allies, in misery and without help.
Who is the cause of the whole misfortune? had you not acted thus arbitrarily and masterfully, things would not have come to this extremity, you are yourself the cause of your misfortune, therefore do not venture any more to the verge of ruin, or you will be threatened with complete disaster.
It is all over Brother, the Lion has too many friends, we cannot get to Holland so easily.
What shall I do now, all my labour is lost. I thought I should be allowed to sell my small wares in Holland, but the cursed Protestants saw on my arrival that my little lady was painted and my money was stamped with *BRACKETED* lilies. I see clearly that if I and my wares are not out of harm's way in good time, my freight will prevent my return.
Finally, in the distance, is a combined fleet which protects the commerce of the Lion, who keeps a watchful eye on all who try to hinder it. Henceforth the convoys will not be so easily taken.
500
vis-à-vis
Young
You see Mr Bull how voraciously he Swallows the Guineas he is very tame I assure you notwithstanding his terrific appearance.
They do bolt them rarely, to be sure the Eagles dont seem half satisfied
1 The Austrian Leopard, a -very fierce Animal originally but now remarkably tame
2 The Prussian Eagle also famous for gold eating
3 The Gallic Cock, formerly a great crower! - but now quietly at roost in the Menagerie.
9 A Dutch Frog *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  and  OPEN>> 5 A Sardinian Hedge Hog lately imported
4 The Russian Bear - a very prudent Animal
10 A Swedish Pig
Walk in Ladies and Gentlemen and See the curiosities the only Complete Collection in Europe the last Beast now bringing in has long kept the World at Bay - he now is as tame as the Austrian Leopard!! Wha Walks in - Wha walks in to view the British Menagerie.
11 The Whore of Babylon who once was Master of All Europe, but now glad to find a place in this Menagerie.
Manof
6 & 7 Condé and Brunswick Mice - very tame they have subsisted for some time on the fragments of old Manifestoes
8 A Neopolitan Bat
Caleb Quotem
Reflection
No Mistake
Metropolitan Grievances; or, a serio-comic glance at minor mischiefs in London and its Vicinity
Gilbert. Gall Tripem *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , a lean-to shop, in which the butcher bargains over sheeps
The Last Dying Sp *BRACKETED* . . .
the Hottentot Venus
Sun
1812
. . Arsnic—Best Cordial Gin
D. Dip Tallow Chandler
Ling—Dyer &c
F P 20 Ft
Hymn Marselos *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  and  OPEN>> Council of Cinq Cents
Liste of the Judges
Myself in Egypt an Oratorio
Ca ira ira
Seyes
Buonaparte
Ducos
Abbaye
Satan
Constitutions Ready for all Occasions
Down with the Councils up wth the Committees
Vive La Babouf Ca ira
£1000
Perquisites
Come come be off, You got the length of your Old Master's foot to a fine purpose, but you do'nt stay here any longer, nor any of yr Crew, & I think your Boxe's ought to be seached *BRACKETED* , for they are much fuller than when you first came to the Inn—& I have taken to it Stock & Block, so shoot a head Mrs Betty
I am sure I attended to my duty *BRACKETED* interest night and day, to be sure I had a very good Place, of it—I've nothing here, but, Gifts—Presents, Perquisites—Places,—Pensions— Allowances, — Sinecures —Appointments—&c &c &c, for myself and family, I'm sure we do'nt want to go
Free Trade—Police
This is a place I shall grow rich in; A turnspit in the R—y—l kitchen
A slap at slop
narrow and decayed Borough Arches
ils ont emigrè
Recepissen
Assignats
. . . les beaux ducats! ils ont passé chez nos frêres, les Français! dit le Secretaire....
Ecclesiasticus, Jesus Sirach
The Times
Your Pulse is going with uncommon Expedition indeed my Lord, you have too much Blood in you. you must lose a few Ounces
Don't mention that word *BRACKETED* again Doctor, it brings an *BRACKETED* a Flushing in my face, and sets me in a palpitation
Plan for a Jollyfication on the 25 Octr 1809
You'll find my Soup, is the best thing in the world for palpitations, it always cures me speedily and soon *BRACKETED* . I hope you'll be well enough to come to our Jollyfication on the 25th *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . On the extreme right stands a stout John Bull, a  OPEN>> cit
Pho Pho! Doctor your wrong! its only a Flushing in the face. for D-----e if I think he has a bit of Blood in him
Camp Convenience
Military Tactics
Map of Walch *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , showing  OPEN>> Flush *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  and one of  OPEN>> Quiberon Bay
Jack the Giant Killer
The Seven Sleepers
Pharma-copiæ
Your Lordship's Coat is become very threadbare for you know you turned it only last year—& it has been turned before that: so I much doubt if it will bear turning any more— Can't you afford to buy a new one now her Ladyship earns her own Expenses?— Doodle pays all her bills and gives her every thing she can wish for.
Alas! she'll get no more out of Doodle! he has quite kicked her off—She is just now gone to Cumberland to try after a service there which perhaps may enable me to keep still sitting on Wool, if I can but turn this Coat once more & look decent.
Burdett for ever huzza my Lads, he's no Drug
By Jasus he's a Jewel of a fellow it would he a pleasure to be hung by him!
Burdett & Liberty Huzza
Burdett & Gin for Ever
Burdett & a Quid for ever
Burdett. Wood & OP *BRACKETED* for Ever Hurra
duly instituted by the Nation in the first Year of the British Republic, one and indivisible
D------ of B------D
Tom Paine
Ah well a day my Cropt Head
Age of Reason
Sporting Cal
So much for Ducal Patriotism
Rights of Man
Rights of Surgeons
Quæ nocent omnibus artes
]ordan
Yeo! Yee! Yeo!
But how did you come by the Money
Why, do ye See, it was a bit of a kind of a sort of a manner of a Way of a thing that I - no - no, that he, No that We were about to convey to transfer, to advise, to deliberate, to manage in that sort of way that would appear as clear as Mud, but I am afraid that I have gone to far already in exposing the Secrets of Office, but Joseph can tell you more about it.
Aye! Aye! thats exactly the very thing I was about to inform you aw my Sel
en cothurne
I say I have an undoubted right to have the care of her, & to bring her up as I like do I not Rule the Roast.
Directions from the Clergy respecting the Duty of a true Catholic in Converting all &c.
Well done my Child you are now serving our holy Religion: you shall next use your Influence to procure me an Emancipation.
Plan for rebuilding Monasteries
Mothers advice to her Daughter respecting the true principles of the Protestant Religion
*BRACKETED* Mourning Bride
*BRACKETED* Modern Husband
Alls Well that Ends *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , and open, beside the Princess,  OPEN>>  *BRACKETED* The Tender Husband a Romance
It is a very fierce flame - I am afraid I shall singe my wings!!
Thou little contemptible insect I shall see thee consumed by and by
sometimes a kissing, and sometimes a kicking
Ich dien
Benedict
A Poem. By the Author of the R—l Brood
Green Bag Dunghill
Treasury Perch
Tinley *BRACKETED* -Estate
The Deserted Cora
This is the best reward of Royal Gratitude for Twenty years of Care & Motherly Attention Come then my Children lets persue the middle path & leave to Courts & Royalty its Blackest stain Ingratitude.
or a D—e defeated: containing particulars of a Journey to W—d House; ... a poem
T *BRACKETED* sury bench
Sedition Bill
bench
The Guardian Genius of that Good Man and Upright Senator \\ Sir George Saville Bart \\ Hovers with anxiety over The Tomb; not without Hopes, that his Countrymen \\ may e're it be too late, see the Necessity of Peace, - the Improbability of \\ the Present Ministers making it, - & the Benefit which would result, from a Temperate Reformation of those Abuses,  OPEN>> from which {to use his own memorable words) \\ it was notorious, that all our Calamities Sprung.
Fuimus Troes, fuet *BRACKETED* Ilium et ingens Gloria Teucrorum. Virgil Here lie the Remains of the \\ - Requisition, - \\ The last Hopes of the Independent Gentlemen of Yorkshire; \\ in full Confidence \\ that when Corruption shall have ceased to prey upon the \\ Human Frame, that it will rise again to \\ - Immortal Glory.- \\ Reader, \\ You will no longer doubt the just Cause or upright \\ Intention of this Requisition, when you learn, that \\ the Merchants of Leeds, its greatest Enemies, have \\ Thought that an Elegant Monument should be dedicated \\ to it's \\ Memory. \\  OPEN>> Your Cause of Sorrow must not be measured by his \\  OPEN>> Worth, for then it hath no End.
Quis Desiderio sit Pudor aut Modus \\  OPEN>> Tam chari Capitis.
Zounds! how I am Plagued with these Blockheads. I can speak French well enough, but they will not understand me.
S-----k, falls to the ground. At his feet is a book,  OPEN>> The Grammar
Ah! Mon Coeur-plein d'Amour Soupire pour un bon-Place a Cour fal al.
Oh begar, my Lor parle Anglois & me entendez vous beacoup *BRACKETED* mieux
begar de Spanish Cow Speak better Franch, me no understand him.
What! will he learn French before he can Speak plain English!
The Modern History
A Portuguese Loan
Norton & Fox Sponsors
Discovered by the Secret Committee
The Child of the People
Sung with the Greatest Applause by Mr Taylor, of the Theatre Royal Covent Garden. Written by J. Ashley, of Bath.
The Great deeds of Nelson
georges III
Alexandre Ier
françois II
nabobs
Save us my Lord or we Perish
Job in the Alley 30,000£
You shall have the tenth of my jaghire
India Stock no Price
I know the vileness of your deeds! But I must have more hush Money
Report of the Secret Committee
A new Scene for the Proprietors of India Stock
Deel awa wi em Au R------gues all alike, Bribers and Bribed
old Father Murphy
We have assurances front the Great. Powers of their determination to preserve the Peace of Europe—Prodigious!!!
Buy a Crown
England
France
Russia
Prussia
Austria
Le Nez de l'Empereur
Les Doights *BRACKETED* de l'Empereur Napole . . .
Les Oreilles de l'Empereur Napoleon
Les Doights du pied de l Empereur Bon . . .
Brit *BRACKETED*  OPEN>>  is visible. Over her low-cut dress is an ermine-bordered robe clasped with a fleur-de-lis. She is supported by an emaciated court-lady, with a patched face, proffering a smelling-bottle, whose profile and a small crown show that she is one of Napoleon's sisters; two other ladies, wearing crowns, stand behind the Empress, registering consternation. A less conspicuous lady weeps. On the Empress's right kneels the Governess of the King of Rome, Mme de Montesquiou, holding the screaming child, and weeping noisily. He registers angry terror at the sight of his father; his little crown has fallen off. His features, though fore-shortened and distorted, resemble those of his father, cf. No. 11719. He wears an ermine-trimmed robe over his childish tunic and breeches. Behind the Governess is a draped dressing-table, the drapery decorated by a large fleur-de-lis, and the toilet boxes ornamented with crowns. A terrified monkey climbs up the mirror, clutching at the crown which surmounts it, and looking over its shoulder at the shocking spectacle presented by the Emperor. On the extreme right a lap-dog stands on a cushion barking furiously at Napoleon. On the ground on the extreme left are two large round coffers, one inscribed  OPEN>> Coffre Pour la Bijoutère *BRACKETED* Russe
Dishonest with lopp'd arms the man appears Spoil'd of his nose, and shorten'd of his ears— She scarcely knew him, striving to disown His blotted form, and blushing to be known. Dryden's Virgil, Book Six.
Peel! Peel! wonderful Peel! Swan River Peel! Family Peel—good for every thing— Warranted daddy's own manufacture, fresh fresh from the jennies.
This will pay you for your Trouble Honey
Promise me that and I will never say another Mass
The Old witch is carrying away my Director
To London
To Newbury and Well Hall
cit
My Friends and Neighbours, this is no Monkey of the Common Order, he is very cholerick little gentleman I assure you - I had a vast deal of trouble to bring him to any kind of obedience, - he is very fond of playing with globes and scepters - so as you may perceive I let him have one of each made of Gingerbread - in order to amuse him in a strange country.
Souham
Regnier
Marmont
Macdonald
Lauri *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , all of whom had commands at Leipzig. The  OPEN>> caterers
I think Brother of Austria, this dish will be relished by all Europe.
And I think Brother of Russia they will admire the Garnish!
It is rather too highly season'd for any taste, but French.
We must reduce the quantity of irritating articles, before we can produce it as a finish'd dish, what say you Steward *BRACKETED* t of the feast??
Subsidy
I agree with your Highness! John Bull prefers moderation.
Pray let Wurtemburg join in that Dish.
And Bavaria, if you please!
Bonder and Blikens, dat dish will please mine Vrow!
William Tell never invented a better dish, I hope we shall have a taste of it!
By the god of Love! that is better dish den Maccaroni
Odious! in woollen! it *BRACKETED* would a Saint provoke
Narcissa
Betty
PANTHEON admit Lady No. Rep
Walk in Ladies and Gentlemen, and see the famous Lion, - though I have some share in the concern, - I have nothing to do with shewing him I assure you, - I am not his keeper, - the Lion I used to shew was very fierce, - but this is quite quiet, and peaceable.
Poor Fellow! - Poor Fellow! - what a beautiful Animal. - how sound he sleeps.
You had better not be too free with him Sir - in case of an Accident, - he is now asleep with one eye, - and awake with the other!
Protocol-Making Office
Me voila, Roi des Belges, mes Amis, me voila, me voila!
vous me redemandez ma pension de 5o,ooo£ *BRACKETED* , mais songez donc que mon nouveau Royaume peut encore m'echapper; et qu'alors je serai bien aise de retrouver Claremont-house et mes anciens serviteurs
Protocole des 18 Articles arretés le 26 Juin 1831
commerce
navigation
industrie
Preste
clergè
honneur
Instruction
Colonies
Protocole du 4 Novembre 1830
Protocoles du 17 Novbre 1830 No, 3
Protoc . . . 10 De . . . 1830
Protocole du 20 Decbre 1830 N 7
Protocole du 9 Jan . . . 1831
*BRACKETED* cole 20 Janvier 1831 No 11
Proto *BRACKETED* du 27 Jan. 1831
Protocol No 19 du 19 février 1831
Protocole N 20 et 21 du *BRACKETED* Avril 1831
Protocole du 6 Juin 1831 No 25
Allons mon voisin, vous qui montrez tant de sympathie pour la cause des peuples, aidez-moi à établir le sort de la Belgique libre et independante sur de plus justes bases!
Je me laisse entrainer par des considérations aussi solides. Je protegerai la Belgique sans perdre de vue mes petits interets, et je commence par lui dépecher un Roi de ma façon
La Politique de Metternich fut longtems notre guide; sed tempora mutantur et nos mutamur in illis
En depit des alliances et des traités je suis contraint de demeurer tranquille spectateur mais gare la bombe!
Sans la Pologne les choses se passeraient differemment
Véritable Essence des Protocoles de Londres
Downing Street Grey & Compa
Quand il n'y en aura plus il y en aura toujours
Maison à louer
Vol *BRACKETED* taires, | de Niellon
Liberté, Ordre Public | Nationalité | Independence
Oh! les bonnes bêtes
Donna look so Glum your Honor - I would pay my Rent un I could but consider what a Nation bad hay time it has been.
Survey of the Estate
Rental
My dear Mother
C—e me if you shall,—Have her present I will: & I'll soon convince you that I'll think & speak, & act for myself and I have no fear of finding plenty of Friends. & no German shall ever govern me, if they think to do it they will be devilishly mistaken.
You think indeed? I'll let you know Miss, that you shall do as I order; Have no one about you but those I shall choose for you; Live where & how I please; Keep what company I like & conduct yourself exactly in my way.—She be present indeed!! I say she sha'nt that she sha'nt; Pray who are you writing to?—I will see—
foreigner
She does not take her lesson so quiet as I did I suppose we must have two pair of Breeches.
Mais General ou est l'Empereur. Ver is de great Napoleon.
Ah! he be gone to clear de way we overtake him a Paris.
Holla Camrade why you no wake we go plunder burn. & ravish! diable he gone to de other world!
Allons Marche! de Great Napoleon commande we burn, plunder and ravish evr'y ting Allons Courage, Marche Vite.
Ah Hah! I try vat wot *BRACKETED* I will do!
Ah Diable! les Cossak les Cossak!
So Satan, whom repulse upon repulse  OPEN>> That ever, and to shamefull silence brought  OPEN>> Yet gives not o'er though desperate of success.
Why how now Madam Carey, although you are so Warey In saveing of your cash, John Bull and I we both will try, And settle all your hash.
Why how now Madam Clarke------ Why since you thus can chatter------ And thus betray your spark------ I wonder whats the matter with, you, Madam Clarke!!
Zounds! the thunder of Valencienes was Music to this
go it! go it
John Bull
Narrative of the proceedings of the contested election for the County of Down in the year 1830...
Amen!
Empty Bucket
No Bottom
Droits of Admiralty
Proctor's Bill
Red Book
Sinecures / Pension List
Reason and comon sense
Anaul *BRACKETED* Parliament's Free Elections
Bill of Rights
Conveniant stepping Stone
Law and logic Pentioned Justices
Vague and Sanguinary Laws
low farce
Gentlemen, I have no wish to be returned a Member of an Assembly where Corruption is acknowledged to be as  OPEN>> notorious as the sun at noon day, Nine hundred millions of debt,—inland fortresses under the name of barracks,—an army of foreign mercenaries,—an army of spies and informers—of Tax and Excise Agents, an Inquisition of private property, a phantom for a King,—a degraded Aristocracy a crushing burthen of Taxation, are some of the bitter fruits of corruption in the House of Commons.
uncouth
Treaty of P *BRACKETED* between . . .
Prince of Peace
Come Sir speedily, or I shall put the whole Country to the sword, Men, Woemen & children - I will not be trifled with!! remember I am the Prince of Peace
For Heavens sake stop this effusion of Blood, let the destruction of three Citys suffice you. the Cries of *BRACKETED* oblige me to to, Yes I do know You are the Prince of Peace.
Treasury
Corporal and Conscripts
Drill-Serjeant
Ground - Arms!
Grand Double Drums
GR
N
Flugel Man
Corporal & Conscripts
conscripts
Constable of the Corps
Terms of Peace
Loves of the Gods Embelld with Cuts
xxi From London
Patience on a Monument smiling at Grief-or-the Royal Laundress washing Boney's Court Dresses
Bless me how fast these Colours are I'm afraid I shall not get them white alth'o I have got such a Strong Lather.
Holy Water
Old women washing a Blackemoore white
Salts of Lemon for takg out Stains
Ha, ha! such an Old Woman as you may rub a long while before they'll be all white for they are Tricoloured in grain
Mme République
Pray Mr Abbé Sayes - what was the cause of the poor Ladys Death? She seem'd at one time in a tolerable thriving way.
She died in Child-bed - Mr Bull - after giving birth to this little Emperor.
Purging Mixture
Laudanum
Vive la Liberté Vive la Republique
Scourge
Describe, the Organs of Hearing
Question upon Wind I Suppose a man was to . . . What w . . . you . . .
you paid too dear for it brother Sergeant,
THH *BRACKETED* COW POX CRONICLE
Oh!
A Peter on the Gravel
£50
For Shirt
Govenor *BRACKETED* Wall
Lady Brownrigg
the Hottentot Venus
Nobody
At the sign of the Cow's Head Lincolns Inn Feilds
I say Jim, what shall we do with these ere Drunken fellers?
Oh! we may bundle them inside. As for our Masters, they must either go in the Rumble or ride the Horses
Masters
Can you see any thing?
O yes! I can see London
Windsor
London
Né à Boston, dans la nouvelle Angleterre le 17. Janvier 1706
Philadelphie
Sujet Mémorable des Révolutions de l'Univers
By the late Dr. Lyon
three rooms . . . drinking glasses instead of horns
the Goose
to out-top his rival in a house and furniture
I Flourish in the Rose
J C
To Dr Curtis
To Worcester
The Election Ball
Scotch Pint
Liber Regis . . . Oxford . . .
Letter to the Earl of Fingal
Irish Mass Book
Liber Valorum
Promisses
Order'd That No Doctor of Laws shall be admitted without Bag Wig
Whitbread Entire
Oratio Croweiana
Miles from Oxford to Rome
Wonder of the World the biggest Flying Elephant in the Whole Fair
Popish
-He steers his flight Aloft, incumbent on the dusky air That felt unusual weight,-Par, Lost, Lib: I. l, 225-
My Lord
How
List of the Navy
Red Book \\ Sinecures Pensions Places
Real Portland Stone
Both Parties are alike - No good can be done till virtuos men like myself are at the head of Affairs, and this abominable red book cleansed of its impurities.
All the Talents
Slough of Despond
From Portland Quarry
All the Blocks
cit
This is all very pretty sport to you my good Friends, but you will please to recollect t'is I that bear all the burden - I am sure I ought to have a tolerable broad bottom to support it.
George
Charlotte Femme de George
Yorck
Femme d'Yorck
*BRACKETED* de Galle
les Enfans de George
Sans-culotte Français
Vaisseau de la République Française
Non mi Ricordo!
"Who are you?
Histories of the Tête-à-Tête annexed; or, Memoirs of Sir William B------e and Lady G------ston
Oh dear oh dear I shall lose the Golden Apple!!
Begone thou narrow minded Soul, nor dare to look again upon the face of Heaven
See how they are useing our Friend, I'll support him that I will provided they dont come to blows, but I shant Stand up to be beat.
d
Stand up
Aye Aye we'll play his cards for him, I'll lay 5 to 4. we nick them in a Jeffy.
Twentieth Sunday after Trinity
Ogden
"I awaked at noon with a severe head ach
taking up Mrs M'Kinnon's Prayer-book, I opened it at the twentieth Sunday after Trinity in the epistle for which I read And be not drunk with wine wherein there is excess Some would have taken this as a divine interposition.
Mind my dear George you don't fall off—it's very dangerous to ride this animal.
cit
Now then Johnny, you were made for our amusement, we'll go it in fine style old fellow
Doublûres
the lowest Spirit of Hell
Give me Westminster
I am for Middlesex
Southwark for me
chaffing crib
Fox
Love & Liberty! Freedom & Fox!
Fox for ever
Fox & Liberty
Fox for ever
Candidates in the dumps
French Habits, N° 5
Droit de l'Homme
lip salve
cork
Pear *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> , a tooth-brush, &c. *BRACKETED* At the back of the table, half of which serves as a dressing-table for *BRACKETED* , sits a disappointed gambler, his chair tilted, his right elbow resting on the table on which are dice, dice-box, and an empty purse. He holds a switch in his hand, playing-cards are under his feet. He has whiskers, wears a high-crowned hat, a coat with a shawl-like collar which stands back from his neck, low shoes with large buckles. *BRACKETED* A man stands *BRACKETED* in back view scratching his cropped head. Under his left arm is a bludgeon. His coat is cut away into narrow tails which end almost in a point. He wears short top-boots with long spurs. From his coat-pocket, which is at the back of his coat, protrudes a paper inscribed  OPEN>> To Cure a Scab'd Head
National Debt
Can you look tamely on while this gorged & overgrown Eagle devours our ancient Turkey.
Public Opinion
What can I do? you see my hands are tied.
She has received her death blow.
Dont interfere & you shall have a slice.
Agreed but for the sake of appearances dont quite destroy her yet.
more Supplies
GR. II
GR III
Privy Purse in 1753
Privy Purse in 1773
Charm
Eccentric Excursions, or. Literary & Pictorial sketches of Countenance, Character and Country, in ..... England & South Wales
limonadier
We Ganders
Malt Tax
Land Tax
Window Tax
Salt
Wine
Spirits
£100,000
Candles end & Cheese Parings
Our Old Friends seem to have got to the other side.
Hark how it pours into their Buckets.
Ask em to spare us a little.
They would see us hanged first.
not a single Drop
The bottomless Pitt
The Deserted Village
The Wrongs of Man
Rights of Man
A view of the Harvest in Bedford and Norfolk Shire
Guttle Downs Home Brew'd
Our Old Friend Mrs Clarke
Mrs Clarke!
Aye-Aye Mrs Clarke for ever D------me
Short Step to Promotion
Palmam Qui Meruit Ferat
Radical Reform
Public
Support
Majority against me 29
"And when Ahithophel saw that his counsel was not followed he Saddled his Don-key and arose and went out and hanged himself
The Macaroni Scavoir Vivre and Theatrical Magazine
The Old Fable Verified
Now then for something strong but not libellous, I hate half measures we must rush upon the enemy—suprise *BRACKETED* , astound him—and unhorse him by Terror—John Bull have at you! I'll open your eyes—.
For the Star
To the Editor of the Star
For the News
Extracts from the Book
Copy
Politicks
Select Scraps from Shakespeare—with my own comments  OPEN>> Some achieve greatness  OPEN>> some have greatness thrust upon them .... Querie was this not the case with Nunky *BRACKETED* , why not happen .... Son—.
The News
The Star
Memorandums Billy Austin *BRACKETED* —the Will—
Life of Lord Nelson
A very Woman by Massinger
Machiavael
Johnson
Indiscretion a Novel
Don Quixote
To John Mit—
The Tigers Head
*BRACKETED* burton's Mad House
Come this is a prettier picture than the other *BRACKETED* shall catch some fish in this neighbourhood.
Alecto
Lady Douglas
Lady A Hamilton
Lord P . . . . val
Cephalic
To *BRACKETED* Libellous
Prize
Blank
20m000
I own I had enough before, Yet this is pleasing to be Sure.
G.R.
Blank
How gloomy alas; this poor Fellow is seen, His Luck is sufficient, to give him the Spleen, In chance Work he must deal, like those in high Rank, He's emptied his Pockets, to buy him a Blank
Come! Come! Cheer up!—Ours was an error of the Head not of the Heart
Yes,—haw, haw—but they—haw, haw, write me down an ass
Mausoleum
Truant
Lists of Traitors
Reports of the Secret Committee
Reports
Reports
Quiglys Life
Ld E. Fitzgerald
O Conners Confession
Death & Caract *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Pitt says to the boy in Court dress who faces him:  OPEN>> You are a New Scholar. I Perceive, be a Good Boy & you shall be rewarded. Say after me, P-E-N-Pen SI-si-Pensi-ON-on - Pension - thats a Good Boy!!!
P-E-N-Pen . . . *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> . Pitt holds a paper  OPEN>> Aye No Place Pension.
Plan for an Union
A List of Secret Traitors
Old Wigs for Bad Boys
Candle Ends Cheese Pareings & Sugar Plumbs for Good Boys.
Forms for Sulky Boys
Magna Chart *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> ; Burke stands with his hand on North's shoulder; Sheridan holds the  OPEN>> Bill of Rights
Barren Mountains of Corsica
the Imperial Throne and Diadem
To the Workhouse
His money and most of his liberties gone.
Rowe
What, tho' no gaudy titles grace my birth?
What an agreeable sensation!
Keep it up B——I'd never be able to play the Game without you
I never played with a Shuttlecock that bears such hard hitting as this
Regent's Bomb
You're Old Quarters how do you like now, My Angel
True French Spirits
Tree of Liberty
Satirist
None of your sort are to be admitted.
Damn it you'l not shut us out sure.
Case a *BRACKETED* Hen Howard
Plan Bridge over Canal for Public
Now I've got him up behind I'll just do as I like
This is a very bad Seat, not such a one as I have been used to lately. I am afraid I shall be off.—Open the Park indeed for the Public: I don't like giving way to the Public!!!
To Holland House
Wot a spin—rats and all!
Petitions
It'll do on my word—or by my sword
It'll do for my kingdom
Dispatches from Greece
King v. Lord Cochrane Judgment of the Court £1000 fine & Imprisonment
Magistratus indicat Virum
King—v.— Horne Tooke &c.
Disponendo me, non mutando me.
The 150th application to the Chancellor upon the affairs of the opera house & that his Lordship may direct the manager what sum of money shall be given to madame Cata-squallini to sing one night in a week for a season of 3 months she having considered 5.000 Guineas not a sufficient equivalent for her Notes.
Æquanimiter
Information and £30.000 penalty for illicit Distillation
Vestigia nulla retrorsum
George Garther
George Garther
Ah had we only dealt more tolerantly with our brothers the Americans, we should not have squandered such countless treasure in a useless war, and the English nation would not have such countless debts, but alas! Now we are in desperate straits and I am at my wit's end.
North, A well-known English Lord in a despairing posture . . . excla'ims,  OPEN>> This neutrality, this defensive alliance, of Russia, Sweden, Denmark, Portugal, *BRACKETED* the United Provinces, and all the Hanse Towns! . . . Oh Garther, Garther! *BRACKETED* only now do I begin to become rightly anxious. I now see clearly that one cannot let the ship drift, as was foretold by No. 2 in the plate of The lion attacked by cunning and force
A master of a Dutch merchant ship sitting on a bale of sail-cloth and recounting with a joyful face to the Merchant *BRACKETED* , and the Manufacturer *BRACKETED* , various smuggling expeditions, which were carried out by himself and others in former times, and are still performed in these troubled times; he also tells of rough and unfair treatment inflicted on him by the English privateers, ... giving the Manufacturer *BRACKETED* a printed book called  OPEN>> The Mirror of Youth or British Tyranny . . .
read, read, my friend, what fine allies and friends of our country are the English; see here in this book what fine encounters the Dutch have had with their friends, and alas! allies
A Dutch manufacturer showing a Dutch cloth to Nos. 3 and 5, pointing out the good quality of the Dutch in contrast to the English, and lamenting over the decline of manufactures in our fatherland, and the trifling trade in Dutch manufactures; at the same time, telling not much good of the English, with regard to the displacing of our manufactures and the adroit collecting of our ready cash by alluring trade propositions and prompt payment of high interest. *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> A Dutch merchant in a dejected posture informing *BRACKETED* and *BRACKETED* that in these troubled times he has not yet made so good a bargain as many of his confreres, and that it is good to fish in troubled waters, this he further learnt from an account of the Dutch merchant shipping which recently arrived in the port of Brest, and the Dutch convoy of Byland, thus escaping the attention of the English commodore Fielding at the right time, when the others were captured, at which he and other ship-owners, insurers, agents, skippers, &c. have recently made great complaints by memorials, because others who sail free and unhindered, rejoice greatly and make great profits. *BRACKETED*  OPEN>> A Dutch distiller of gin and brandy pushes *BRACKETED* on the arm with a full bottle of Hollands gin, asking him if he will offer George Garther and Lord North a Dutch drink since they both seem so anxious and downcast never ceasing to cry out  OPEN>> Oh this Neutrality, oh these 6000 Northmen on the sea, and then alas, twenty Russian war-ships and perhaps another twenty standing by. . . .
*BRACKETED* , a Spanish Don and *BRACKETED* , a Spanish Duke ... seeming to be in earnest conversation over the fate of Spain, as well at the present as in former times; they complain of the conduct of the Spaniards at all times, and at the seizures suffered by them during all the last wars as well as in the recent war ... *BRACKETED* now complains no more about the past, but rather at recent events, of the encounter between Rodney and Don Langara, . and the sea-battle near Gibraltar *BRACKETED* between Spain and England. . . .
a pious and demure Dutch philosopher
some of the fables of the French De la Fontaine, as that of the Ape and the Cat, the Fox and the Ape, the Lion and the Bear, &c. whereat the Philosopher appears to marvel, ... pressing his heart to demonstrate his anxiety at these fables with double meanings
Massina Ramby *BRACKETED* an American, at a safe distance watching the turbulent English, French, Spaniards, &c. and himself speaking about the prudence, and the dispassionate and wise conduct of H.H.M. *BRACKETED* and praising also the punctilious and praiseworthy neutrality so far maintained by the Fathers of the Fatherland. . . .
Balsepf and Jersey *BRACKETED* , both well pleased and zealously continuing carefully to collect and pack the produce of their country to deliver it to the ships; at present they are not anxious about their Mother Country which has gone astray, but full of peace over their forthcoming independence and free trade, which they hope for under the protection of France. - I hope that they will not see themselves cheated of it, it would make my heart very sad for those good men
